(dramatic music) (items banging) (Kayla exhaling sharply) - Hi (exhales sharply). My name is Kayla. I'm 28. And my boyfriend is an alcoholic. And an addict. And quite frankly, he's an asshole, especially when he's using. Well, I mean, mostly when he's using. And I have tried everything that I could to help and support him. And you know what? I'm exhausted. I am literally at my wits end. I took him to rehab, AA, sober living. Nice places. You know he'd get sober and it would be great. But guess what? No flowers, no trips, nothing. Nothing really changed, but it was cozy, it was comfortable, we were here together and it was beautiful. And then he would relapse. I don't know why, what did I do? Did I not, did I not love him enough? Did I not try enough? What did I do wrong? And I fucking tried. I'm still here, and he doesn't even acknowledge that. He doesn't even acknowledge that I've wasted four years of my life for him. So I'm gonna do something unconventional. I am going to film this entire thing, from finding you, to your whole detox process, to you becoming sober. (Kayla sobbing) - [Dayna] Kayla, are you done yet? - Oh God, I don't want it to be real, I don't wanna be done with him (sobs). I just want him back. I just want him back. God, I'm a baby. We gotta go find him. - Let's go. - We gotta go find him. - [Dayna] Okay, let's go. - Thank you. - Yeah. (menacing defiant music) ♪ Stack it ♪ ♪ It's Fahrenheit 51 ♪ ♪ Stack it ♪ ♪ Stack it ♪ ♪ I was sober in October and fucked up in December ♪ ♪ December I don't really remember ♪ ♪ But sober October damn really ran me over ♪ ♪ So what's worse, life being a blur or having it hurt ♪ ♪ Right now I haven't really decided so no Vicodin ♪ ♪ But I'll take that weed ♪ ♪ I'm high now, I need to feed, fee-ee-d like a GG ♪ ♪ Usually calm as a mean machine and I tried codeine ♪ ♪ Didn't say you should or shouldn't be a good influence ♪ ♪ I couldn't 51 stance with a beer can and a joint ♪ ♪ I hope you get the fucking point ♪ ♪ Stack it ♪ ♪ I've been scared my whole life ♪ ♪ At one point a way out including a knife ♪ ♪ And I'm straying from fast rap ♪ ♪ I got that on tap, so I spit slow ♪ ♪ So it's not a ooh, I'm just a fucking dope rapper yo ♪ ♪ It's really about what I said ♪ ♪ It ain't about the fact ♪ ♪ That I do stupid shit on my head in a fucking video ♪ ♪ It's about the fact that I haven't even done a show ♪ ♪ It's about the fact that you don't even fucking know ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ And I got that Marlboro packet ♪ ♪ And you know I still stack it ♪ ♪ You know I still stack it, you know I still stack it ♪ ♪ You know I still stack it ♪ ♪ You know I still stack it, you know I still stack it ♪ ♪ You know I still stack it ♪ ♪ You know I still stack it, you know I still stack it ♪ ♪ You know I still stack it ♪ ♪ Stack it ♪ ♪ Stack it, stack it ♪ (vehicle rumbling) (vehicle beeping) (vehicle door shutting) (Dayna sighing) - [Dayna] Yeah, don't get, don't get killed running across the street to this random stranger. (vehicle rumbling) (vehicle rumbling continues) (vehicle door opening) (vehicle beeping) And? - He's not there. - Okay. - They kicked him out like the first day he disappeared, so. - [Dayna] That's a big surprise. - [Kayla] Yeah well he was with Wayne, which is good because Wayne lives really close to here, so- - [Dayna] Right, his dealer? Yeah, it's good that he's with Wayne, thank God. - Yeah, you know what? It is good that he's with Wayne, because Wayne probably held him up for a while, so. Put him up. - [Dayna] Yeah and also got him fucked up. (static hissing) Yes we're close, we are close to finding yet another disaster. Richard or creepy netflag. I'm not looking in the tents. I'm not getting out. You have to get out and do this. - I am not, I don't wanna get out and look in the fucking tents. I'm so afraid down here. I hate this area. - Oh, oh, oh my God. - [Kayla] Who is that, is that him? - [Dayna] This is just so, like why do we have to put together clues to find him? Like who is this random person? - [Kayla] I get it but we're close. - [Dayna] Who does he hang out with, whatever. How much longer are we gonna be out here? (Kayla sighing) - [Kayla] I don't know. I mean, I'm gonna be here all night. If you wanna go home, you can go home. I can swing back by the apartment. - [Dayna] Mm-hm, yup, 'cause I'm gonna leave you alone. I'm just saying this isn't fair. - Oh shit he just texted me. - What no (scoffs). - [Kayla] Oh my God, I'm gonna ping his location. - [Dayna] He texted you after five days? - [Kayla] Oh my God, we are right here. - [Dayna] What a douche. - [Kayla] Oh my God, we are right here, Dayna, oh my God. - [Dayna] Okay, well, he's alive, let's chill. - I know. - [Dayna] He's just been a douche bag once again, so let's treat him sensitively. - [Kaya] Let's just try this alley really quick and just see if he's over there. - [Dayna] Yep, let's just try this alley, you and I, yup. Okay, cool. - Look really close. - Yeah, I see a bunch of dumpsters. - Richard! - Is that him? - Stop it. - Richard! - Look for him. - Dick! (vehicle accelerating) Oh, all right. - Oh my God! - Oh, holy shit. - Oh my God. There he is. - [Dayna] Kayla, wait, whoa whoa whoa. - [Kayla] Oh fuck. Oh my God, look at him, Dayna, I can't. (vehicle beeping) (vehicle door shutting) - [Dayna] Is he just sitting in trash? (Richard chuckling) - Hey, hi. - Kayla. (vehicle rumbling) I'm good, what, wait, wait, wait. Here, sit down. Sit down. - Come on. - Come on, sit down. Sit down, what- - What the? - These, you see 'em, where is it? Where is it? That, is that it, is that the pill? - What? - Yeah, there's the little guy. - Honey. - You gotta take this. You've gotta try this one time. You'll go to the moon. - Okay. - Is what this will do. - Yeah, well, I wanna go home. - You want it? I'll take it. - You and I are gonna, no, no, no, no. Get that, babe, get that out of your mouth right fucking now. Get it out of your mouth! (Richard grumbling) - Fuck, God dammit, you're disgusting. Do you see how embarrassing you are? Ever since your dad died, you think that you can have some fucking excuse- - Don't fucking, don't fucking, hey! (foreboding music) - I'm sorry. - Don't talk about my fucking dad. Okay? You know that subject is off limits. - Honey, I'm sorry. You okay? - What? (bottle falling) What do you, what do you want? - Okay, come on, honey. - Where are we going? - We're gonna go home. - Yeah, I'll go, here we go. - Stop, come on. Come on. (debris falling) - [Dayna] Oop, douche go bag go down hard. - Dayna. - What? - Hold on. - Oh my God. - Okay, oh God. Okay. - You okay? - Yeah, I'm holding you up now. - Okay. - See how I'm holding you up? - Yup. - He found his feet again. Oh, and there he goes again. Dude, I am so. - I'm all right, okay. - Oh. - Oh shit, man, this is fucking like, so many angles that I could walk. What the- - Hey, loser. - Oh, Dayna! - Aw, so glad we could track you down, man. - Hey, you're a fucking bitch. What, what's with the fuck, is that a camera? What are you doing with a camera? - Oh my God. - What are you doing? - It's for a project, don't worry about it. Come on, let's go. - You okay, 'cause I'm here for you, buddy. - All right, all right. - [Dayna] All for you, buddy. Just get in the car. - I'm getting in the car. In the car. - Yeah, in the car. - The car, yeah. (Richard groaning) - Holy shit, dude. - I know, I know, he smells. - [Dayna] Geez, oh my, how were you that close to him and you- - Hey, there's a camera. Food? - Babe, we're going home now. - We're gonna get some food. - Why don't you just take off your shirt, dude? - [Dayna] Okay, oh wow, horrendous. This whole experience. Okay, oh, is it just me or does he smells worse with every step? (Richard retching) - Oh, Dayna. - I can't, I can't. - [Kayla] Ah, come on, babe. Walk forward, please. Do you remember our bed? - I do. - [Kayla] Right here, can you lie down, please? - [Richard] I do. - [Kayla] Oh God. Honey, can you please take off your shirt? - No. - Take your shirt off right now. - I don't want to. - [Kayla] It's covered in vomit. Take your shirt off, please. - I don't want to. - Can you please take it off. - [Richard] I don't want, what are you doing? (static hissing) - [Richard] I'm sorry. - Just sleep, okay? - [Richard] Okay. (Kayla exhaling sharply) (Kayla hyperventilating) - [Dayna] Kayla. (Kayla sobbing) Babe. (Richard snoring) - Oh my God. (Kayla sobbing) - [Dayna] Babe. - [Kayla] Damn it. (static hissing) - Well, Richard, you've sent us on another scavenger hunt. Huh? What did you find up there, girl? Put it in the magic bowl. - Mm-hm. - Mm-hm. Cool. You know you could help. - I, oh nice, this antique tea set that Mom and Dad got us. Perfect place. - I never use it, so, I guess, yes. - Respect, babe. - Aw, fuck. - Oh dear, okay. Well, this was lazy, Richard. - I don't cook. - You don't cook? Are you ever in your home? Do you open these cupboards ever? Do you go to the grocery store? - Not really. (static hissing) - Well, here's just what we found so far. Just a little smattering of, ya know. - Do you have to be so smug and rude about it? - Yeah, I do. - Look, I don't care if you don't want to help him or give a shit about him. I just want you to support me, that's it. - I've been supporting you. I have to watch you in pain all the time. And you, you refuse, you refuse to just end it. And honestly, I feel pretty degraded myself. You choose this piece of shit over like people who love you. (static hissing) (melancholic music) ♪ Just love me, won't you love me ♪ ♪ How can you ♪ - It's a lot, babe. ♪ Don't you understand, understand, understand ♪ - I know I don't say thank you a lot and I don't express my gratitude to you. But I thank you and I love you. - I love you too. - I promise you this is it. This is it, this'll be the last time. And I'm done. - Promise? - I do, I will. I promise. (static hissing) - It's bad. It's like homemade- - That's fermented. - Oh my God, it's everywhere. How do I not see this, Dayna? - How do you not see this, babe. It's doesn't even have a, it doesn't even have a wrapper on it. - I don't know, I have no words. - She's just, I'm not in my kitchen, I work full time. You eat? (Kayla chuckling) - Richard, you are one sneaky motherfucker. (Dayna chuckling) (static hissing) - Maybe a masculine energy is what he needs. Maybe I'm too weak. (Dayna scoffing) - No, you are not too weak, my friend. - I feel weak. - Masculine energy my ass. That guy's just gotta get his head out of his ass. (static hissing) - David, hi. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I did, um. In an alley off of Gower, actually. Mm-hm, yeah he's passed out in the bedroom right now. So he's safe. Mm-hm, yeah, ten in the morning tomorrow would be good. And then, um, then we'll go up to the mountains at my dad's. You too, yeah, you too. Okay, drive safe. (birds chirping) (door knocking) - Hi. - Hey. - David, come on in. - How's it going? How's he doing? - [Kayla] Hey, how are you? - [David] Where is he, how's he, how's he doing? - He is alive. So that's one thing. And, um, he's in the shower. - Okay, good. - So, thank you for driving all the way down here. I know that's a really long way. - No, he's, I mean, he's one of my best friends, it's really not a big deal at all. I'm, I'm sorry for not being around as much as I really should be. - It's okay. - It's just, I don't know. You know, our drinking nights when we used to smoke weed and all of that, they've, they've kinda just changed. And now he just, smokes until oblivion and becomes a dick, so. - Yeah, I know. I live with him now so, I understand. - Yeah, I think it's amazing what you're doing, honestly, and if you need any help, obviously, I'm here, so. - Thank you, thank you so much. Um, do you want some water? Do you wanna sit down? - Ah, yeah and, and yes, thank you. - Okay, sure, I will be right, well, nevermind. (door knocking) Hey! - What's up, what's up? - Come on in. - So where is the party boy, Big Rich, what's going on? - Ah, he is in the shower. - You got him to bathe? - I did, yeah, he was disgusting last night, full of vomit and piss, it was- - He really turned over that new leaf then. - Hopefully. - Okay. How are you? - Good. Same old, ya know. Really appreciate you calling me. But not really though, 'cause I don't wanna be here. But, my mom's always told me sometimes you help people not 'cause they deserve it, but because it's the right thing to do, so. (Kayla chuckling) - Look, I'm, I'm sorry, I should've, I should've called. I'm really embarrassed by what happened at your job. I wanted, I should've asked you how everything was there. - About as good as it can be. I still get flagged for bringing in the asshole that pissed in the trash can and gave my boss the finger, but other than that, it's good. Kinda. - By the way, this is David. David, this is Richard's childhood friend. - Hey, man. - Um, you can have a seat, I'll get you guys some water. And um, yeah. - What's up, bro? Feel like I know your face. - Ah, the funeral. For Richard's dad. - Gotcha. - Yeah. - Good man, good man. - Yeah, yeah, he was. Thank you. - Thank you. - [Dayna] Oh hey, where's the vomit-stained party boy? - I just said that exact same thing, but you said it way more negative. - Yeah I meant it negative. He's a dick. I don't have a lot of faith in this. I mean, what has it been? Four rehabs, two outpatient facilities? Countless drunk and disorderliness, that was so embarrassing. It's not a strong chance this is gonna work but I am here, I am here. - And you promised me, so. - With my camcorder, so. - I don't know how you guys feel, but for me, if this trip doesn't work, I'm finally done. (Jameson scoffing) - Yo eh, let me just say, my hat if off to you. I don't know how you got Rich of all people to agree to go on a nature trip. Don't, don't get me wrong, he loves his trips, right? You got your shroom trips, you got the acid trips, but- - The stair trips, up and down the stairs. - Something like that. - Right, right, right? - He do those but a nature trip, we gonna need Gandhi to keep him level-headed up there, like- - I don't even know if Gandhi can handle Richard actually. I think we need like a survivalist, like someone with a big knife. (Dayna laughing) - Like a Bear Grylls or a Steve Irwin or something. - That's my guy. I don't know Bear Grylls or whatever but Steve Irwin, that's my dude, man. After he passed, bro, it still stings to this day. - Really? - Oh come on. - Guys, you guys, I don't think that we need to put our eggs in one basket to all these heroes. Do you know what I mean? I think we can be those heroes. That's why you guys are here. It's what we can do. - We might not all have as much conviction as you. But we're still here. And we all know that there's a good guy inside of Richard. - We, we do. And we really hope we see him again. - Kayla, where is my fucking? Hello, everyone. - Welcome back. - Yeah. - Thanks for the shower. - Kayla, what the fuck? Like what is, what, what is everyone doing here? - We're here because we love you. (Jameson laughing) - [Dayna] Speak for yourself. - [Jameson] Correct. - [Kayla] We- - Love Kayla. - We're here because. (Jameson laughing) I invited everyone here babe, because we, well, quite frankly, you have a problem. And you know you have a problem. Dayna and I were up all night going through my apartment looking for your shit. So if anyone has to hide their stash or liqueur inside fucking water bottles and put them under who God knows where, has a fucking problem. Do you understand? Wake up! - There is no other way to put it. - Whoa. Ooh, whoa. - Sorry. I didn't mean to come off so rude right there. - Things got really serious up in here, didn't they? I was actually hoping that maybe you guys wanted to hang out. (Dayna scoffing) I know, um, you probably flushed my weed, but I'm sure I could get something delivered. - Do you, do you hear yourself, man? What are you talking about? Kayla, he does not respect you, I don't know why we're doing this. - Oh, Jameson, how are ya, buddy? It's been a long time. - What's up, Rich? I'm good, man. Probably not as good as you as far as the intake of substances though. - Touche, I have definitely had an abundance of substances but very little this morning thanks to these two little birdies. - Rich, come on, man, you're being like a cliche right now. - I said very little substances, so, I still don't know what the fuck a cliche is. - You, you're being a cliche right now. That's what this means. This is cliche. It's cliche. - I think I can, ah, look, cliche is like when, um. You're just an addict and an alcoholic, bro. There's nothing special about this situation. - And an asshole. I mean, even more of an asshole with the substances, but. - That part. - So. (Richard chuckling) - And what's so wrong with that? - Nobody wants to be around you anymore. You are a liability. You don't think about anybody but yourself and it's disgusting. And honestly, you puke on your shirt and sleep in it, gross. - All right, good to know. I guess I've come to the conclusion that this is bullshit. And, not only is it bullshit but there seems to be some sort of reality TV show in this apartment. What the fuck's up with the camera? I don't remember signing on for anything like that. - No, we're making the greatest horror film of all time with you as the star. Kayla, go ahead. - Babe, do you remember the camera last night that you saw in the car? - Do you think he has? - Obviously you don't remember. But that's, we are filming everything, babe. We are filming this entire intervention. And I brought your best friends along, so that- - Oh, let, let's not be too quick to use 'best friend' for me, all right? - I too. - Way too much commitment for Mr. Pissing the trashcan over here. - Wait, what? - This fool pissed in my boss' trashcan. - Your boss' trashcan? - My boss' trashcan. - You soiled public property? - I told you already that I was sorry. It was a mistake. I thought that Percocet and Vicodin felt the same, so when I took them, and I came into work, I was fucking zonked, man. Just let it, hey, hey, let it go. (foreboding music) - Let it go? - Yeah. - You want me to let it go? Okay, tell you what. I'll let it go. I'll let it go when you apologize to my boss and the entire office. But, but you wouldn't do that. Na, you haven't been back not once. Not to clean out your desk, not to pickup your last paycheck. Not even to clean up your own piss. You know who had to do that? Yeah, me. I had to clean up a grown man's piss all 'cause he ain't got no goddamn restraint. I can't even look my co-workers in they eyes. I can't go a week without one of them bringing your shit up. Yeah so, so, man, go fuck yourself, right, Rich. - I second that. (David exhaling sharply) - Okay, I think, ah, what Jameson is trying to say is- - What is he trying to say, David? - That we're all friends here, and we're all just trying to support you. And honestly, man, if you don't just pack up your things and come on this trip with us like we have planned for you, then I don't know, I don't know what else to really say. - What trip? Kayla, what- - Um. - What trip is he talking about? - Do you remember that house that our dad bought up in the mountains? Well, we're gonna take you there and we're gonna be there for you while you detox. - I'm not doing that. - Yes, you are, Richard. Yes you are. - Why would I go up there? I'm not, I'm not- - Look, babe, all I'm saying is that you're coming on this trip right now because I don't need you to have any cell reception, do you understand? I don't need you to have Wayne in your fucking back pocket. I don't need you to be calling any of your hangers-on, or your dealers, or whatever the fuck. Because I want you sober. I need you sober. Because I can't do this anymore. If you do not get help, I'm done. And I don't have to remind you that this is my apartment. That means you'll be out on the street, do you understand? - That's where you're most comfortable though, so it's honestly a win-win for you. - Well then I guess it's off to the wilderness we go. (mildly tense music) (static hissing) - Let's do it. - Let's pack the car, right? - Oh yeah. (mildly tense music continues) - Wow, okay, so we're going. I kind of figured and hoped that this would end here, but, good job, you did it. Right? Proud of you. (vehicle approaching) - Well, looks like we're headed to the great outdoors. I can think of worse places to be. - Mm-hm, yeah, you're not much of a nature guy, are you? - What, what, why you say that? - I don't know, where's this vest from? - Bruh, no this ain't that, man. Look, when I step out, I'm stepping out clean. That's how I operate, okay? - So don't insult my vest. My vest is fine. You need to be worried about yourself looking like a hipster lumberjack just fell out of Barnes and Nobles. - I don't even know what that means. But, ah, is this vest even a camping vest, or is it just supposed to look like a camping vest? Because- - Look, man. I'm gonna be honest with you. Picked this vest up about three weeks ago. There was this chick I was trying to hook up with. - Okay. - She like hiking, so, you know, wanted her to feel like I was a outdoorsy-type dude. (David chuckling) - Okay, well, she's a big fan of hiking, clueless in nature, 'cause this is definitely more GQ than REI. Speaking of girls, ah, Dayna, she's kind of cute, huh? I don't know. - Why, what's up, you interested? - No, actually not my type at all. But I think you should go for it. - Yeah, it kinda felt like we was vibing, so. - By all means. - Let me hold that. - Oh, oh. - Cool, cool. Yeah, so this is, oh- - Oh. Here, let me help you. - Pretty much the last of it. - Where is David? I thought he was supposed to be helping you? - Ah, I think he went back to go help Kayla motivate Richard. - Right, the peace-making. God bless David. - So what's up with all the tents and sleeping bags, I thought your dad had a house up there? - Yeah, yeah, it's more like a 30-acre campground. - Okay. - It's actually pretty dilapidated but the main house is in good condition. It's a little bit like Goldie Locks and the three bears are getting ready to have a tea party there. Cozier than it sounds. (cheerful music) Um, there are usually caretakers there but my dad said something about them quitting, I don't really know. He doesn't really listen. Um, I don't even know if it has electricity. - Damn. - But that poor bastard can sleep anywhere as far as I'm concerned. Maybe the bears'll get him. - Harsh. - And he will be out of our lives forever. - It's too harsh. - Yeah, Kayla thought it would be more therapeutic if we camped in back. A more rustic setting for the healing. But there are bears out there. I mean, I haven't seen them when I've been up there but there are bears, just so you know. I mean, if you get scared. - I think the bears ate the caretakers. - Woo. (Dayna chuckling) - [Richard] I said I'm coming, all right? - All right, I'm gonna get the rest of this. (door shutting) (birds chirping) (Richard breathing hard) (upbeat relaxed music) (relaxed music continues) ♪ Everyone in movies looks so young ♪ ♪ Be it the hero or the bandit on the run ♪ ♪ Took my chances flying too close to the sun ♪ ♪ California ain't for everyone ♪ ♪ Wrote a few songs up on Magic Stallion Drive ♪ ♪ About some memories of me trying to survive ♪ ♪ Late at night, if you stand quiet ♪ - I literally cannot believe that these are the seating arrangements. Like, Kayla. - I get car sick, I don't know what to tell you. - Babe, so you're telling me, ah, we're going, we're going up to your, to your dad's place, right? And there's not gonna be any weed, alcohol, pills, nothing like that, so I'm just gonna have a shitty three days ahead of me? (Jameson coughing) Just trying to figure that out. - Bro, let me put something into perspective for you right quick. Ah, you were recently discovered, right? High outta your gourd, all right? Passed out by a dumpster. - True story. - All right, you should at least have a little bit of time, take a break for your detox and your intervention. Chill out. - I'm not saying that I can't, I've already agreed to it. I was just trying to make a final appeal. - There is no final appeal, Rich. We told you back at the apartment. Kayla told you back at the apartment. You either get clean or it's the end of the line. - Yeah, and it's about fucking time. If you ask me. - Dayna, if you could, just for me, and um, just for me and the world, will you shut the fuck up? For five minutes that would be great. - Right back at you, asshole. - All right. - I'm sorry, I can express my true feelings for five fucking minutes if he's gonna fucking talk to me like this. - I understand, but we don't need to drive this way, like this, okay? Babe, you do not talk to my sister like that. And Dayna, don't perpetuate this. Okay, we are trying to help him. Babe, you do have a problem though. For you, we are here for you, so watch the attitude, please. - I wouldn't hold your breathe. I would not hold your breathe I cannot imagine a universe in which Richard has a good attitude about being sober. - Oh that's great, Jameson. Just talking shit, just talking shit, that's just, that's just great. I really don't understand because since the office thing, what could I have done to you? - I don't know if you've noticed, bro, but we ain't hung out since the work incident. So yeah, no, you ain't had a chance to screw me over again. But you would. I mean, you're just not responsible, man. - Okay, Rich, I know you're coming off of stuff, I understand you're uncomfortable. But you gotta throw us a bone here, all right? Let's put a little effort in, please? And, and, and we're all up here for you, man. Let's just have a better vibe, all right? - Do you even have a better vibe to switch to? - I have a headache the size of Mount Rushmore. Wait, is Mount Rushmore big? - Yes. - Ah yeah, it's, Mount Rushmore is big, it's a mountain. - Okay, I thought it might be small. - Smoked your brains out all the way, man. You gotta chill, big dawg. - Does anyone ever ask the alcoholic, as you all labeled me, what I think about all this? Because, I personally like doing drugs. And, I'm not a big fan of life. Life sucks. - No no no, your life sucks. Life don't suck. My life don't suck, your life sucks. Yeah, you know what, Rich? I do think you, you know, you're a good guy, all right? And I wanna see you do well. You made a lot of mistakes, man, most of 'em are irreparable, but there's a good guy inside of you. I hope he comes out. - [David] You know what, ah, Rich, maybe you should get some sleep, I don't know. ♪ Happy ending ♪ ♪ Let's be happy about ♪ ♪ Just received this ♪ - Hey, um, did you tell Dad we were coming up here? - Ah, yes, I did. I called him yesterday. - Oh, okay. Ah, did you tell him why we were coming up here? - Ah, yeah, I did. Hey- - Wow, okay, well, what did he say? I know he's never been a big fan of Richard. - Okay, well- - That's a surprise, honestly. - Yeah, big shocker. - He's not a fan, mostly because of what Dayna has told him, so. - Oh, so you're gonna throw the messenger under the bus? Babe, I can't sugarcoat facts. (Jameson chuckling) - Oh hey, any of y'all been to that restaurant off Vine and Melrose, like by where the old Oinkster used to be? It's called Jameson. - Oh yeah. - They got the best pizza fries, man, I'm telling you. - I'm sorry? - Whoa, whoa, what? What did you say, pizza fries? - They're like fries but you get all the toppings from a pizza. - Why? - No, no, no, no, look, look, look, don't do that. Look, look, and I had the same first reaction as y'all did, okay? But when I sat down, saw that on the menu, man. Look, I went to this place 'cause it's called Jameson, right? I like to go to a place where I feel, you know, already like comfortable and welcome, right? What better way than by going to a place called Jameson's? And my name is Jameson. - Yeah we knew that. - I don't know if that makes any, I mean, I'm just trying to think of, I don't know if I'd go to a place just called David's. - Well, you don't know that, now do you, David? - I guess I don't. - Yo, to each his own. But anyway, let me tell you about these pizza fries, all right? 'Cause they were exceptional and I will tell you why. - I don't think we need to know why. I'm gonna gag if you explain it. - Yeah, well, I'm gonna tell you anyway, okay, all right? 'Cause this might change your life, I'm just letting you know, right? - [David] I'm just trying to wrap my head around this. - [Jameson] I wouldn't go to a restaurant called David's either. - Like, who were you with? - Yeah, who were you with? - I was by myself. - Oh ho, so this was a little date? - So wait, you went to a place called Jameson's 'cause your name is Jameson and you went by yourself? - Yeah. When you say it like that, I guess I do sound a little self indulgent. - Not a little self indulgent, a lot self indulgent, but I am here for it. - Fair enough. Y'all gonna let me tell you about the pizza fries, or what's up? - Fine, go on. - All right, so now, what made these pizza fries like just delectable is like the main thing is, look, look, you know it's a lot of different type of fries out there. All right, you've got crinkle cut, you got waffle fries. - Sure. - Curly fries. - Right. - No. - Steak fries. - Steak fries. - Mm, refresh me on steak fries again. - Like, steak fries, like a thicker cut. Like it's cut like a steak, so they call 'em like steak fries. - Not sure that's why it's called that, but. - It's like a sturdy fry? - Sturdy fry, right. So basically 'cause they using these fries, it was like the perfect combination of this thick potato, man, and when it mix with the pepperoni, the crispiness of the pepperoni was amazing, and the mozzarella. It'll change your life, it'll really make you revaluate like why I'm eating, you know, what I eat? I gotta switch it up a little bit. I don't know how vegans do it. I put that little bit of pepperoni on mine. I go to work, man, I'm telling you, it'll change your life. - I mean, I would try it. - David. - Right, that's what I'm saying. - Yeah, I mean, I'd have to be drunk, but Sounds good. - I was, I was drunk. (all chuckling) Definitely drunk. - Cheeseburger. - What'd you say, Ricky D? - What the fuck? - Got the hangover mumble. - Cheeseburger? - [Jameson] This dude's talking to himself. You said cheeseburger? That's, that's right, man. (Dayna chuckling) (birds chirping) Ooh, all right. - Here we are. (Jameson groaning) - Hey, why are we stopping here? I don't see a home. - My dad was worried about trespassers, so, we gotta walk the rest of the way. - All right, well, ah, wanna grab some bags, Jameson? - Let's do it. - I think Richard should grab all the bags. Doesn't that seem fair? - I'm already detoxing, ah, from multiple things. - Oh right. - Multiple things. I don't really feel like doing any hard labor right now. - Aw poor guy, took a bunch of substances voluntarily and now he doesn't wanna do any physical labor. - Let's clean up his mess again, huh? - Great. - Okay. - Fine, fine, hand me a bag. - Grab one of these bags. Oh, oops, oops, my bad, my bad. - Can you pick that up? - That's what happens to you. - I guess I can. - When you are being a dick. - Come on Rich, you've got it man. - That's real nice. This shit sucks as much as I thought it was gonna suck. Really, I mean, wow, nature, amazing. Ah, but, I have sobered up a little bit, and I just wanted to say that I'm sorry about what I said earlier, although I think all of this is completely unnecessary, all of it. - Actually, Richard, I think this is the most necessary thing you've ever done in your life. - All right, point taken, I guess I'll just shut the fuck up. - Please. - I've been trying to say that to ya this whole trip, but I couldn't figure out a way to make it sound polite. - You can't be in a bad mood out here. - Yes I can. Easily! And I'm trying to have a good time. David? You gotta admit this shit sucks. I mean, I'm already starting to get the shakes over here. - What are, what are, what are the fucking shakes? - I don't know, they happen after I drink a bunch, and then if I take a day off, all of a sudden I get the shakes. - [David] It's called detoxing. - Dude, detoxing only happens with drugs. - Alcohol is a drug, man. - Alcohol is not a drug. It's been around forever. - [Jameson] Yeah, so has weed but it's still a drug. - So you're trying to tell me that weed and alcohol are the same as cocaine and ecstasy? - No, no, you idiot. They're just saying they're both classified as drugs, please don't do them again, let's go! - [David] All right, let's just, leave him alone. This is already kind of a fucked up situation. - It was fucked up before we got here. You're actually just keeping it continuous, so. - I get it. I'm sorry. I am sorry, I'm. I will say, I didn't really realize till earlier today that, um, I didn't realize that I was affecting your life as much as Kayla's until earlier today. All right? I didn't, I, I always justified Kayla because, you know, she's affected by me, but she knew what she signed up for when she was with me. - Yeah, yeah she knew. She knew. (pensive music) She understood that you were going through a rough patch. I don't think she thought it was gonna go on and on and on. There's no end in sight. - All right, this is, this is okay. This is okay, Rich, we're good, right? (mellow music) - I mean he's here. So let's not be so hard on him anymore, okay? - Let's just keep going. - That's fine. - You okay, do you want some water? - No. - [Jameson] Okay, so y'all really were (indistinct). - [Dayna] I missed it so much up here. Haven't you, Kayla? - [Richard] Kayla, how much farther along do we have to go? - Quit complaining. - I'm (sighs), stop filming. - [Jameson] You gotta sweat out the alcohol, man, come on. (static hissing) - Well, I took mushrooms and I thought I was in nature. - Okay, well, maybe we'll just pretend you're on mushrooms I don't know. Doesn't this, don't these woods kind of remind you of that, I forget the name of it, horror movie we watched that one night, remember that? We should do another movie night. - What, "Blood Mother?" That one? - Yeah, yeah, that was it, right? - Yeah, okay. - Doesn't it look exactly like those woods? - It does but I can just watch it at home and I could be high while it happens. - Come on! - What? - We high in altitude, all right? - Yeah, yeah. - That's your high. - There we go. - High in altitude? - Yeah, yeah, yeah. (static hissing) - Are we close to the house, or what? - Yeah. - Are we close, 'cause. - [Dayna] Do you need a little break? - I would like- - Wanna sit down? - I would like a break, yeah, that would be good. - Did anybody bring? - What? - You know. - Oxygen? (girls laughing) - [Dayna] Do you need a little oxygen? Should we bother a park ranger? Remember when we had to call that park ranger. - We shouldn't unpack our stuff. - [Jameson] He can make it, he can make it. - Yeah, let's not unpack right now, come on. - Let's go. - Let's go. Here, you want, I'll even take- - If I don't have to hear anymore banter. The only thing I'm grateful for right now is you. - Good. - But not this. Not, not, the intervention. I really was just. I just can't get over how beautiful it is. - [Jameson] Okay, ooh, she making a tape. What you doing? Ooh, get me, get my good side, ooh. What I'm looking like, ooh. Get me with her one time. - Oh fuh, thank God, the fucking house. - [Jameson & Kayla] Ah, ooh, yeah, we in there. - [Dayna] I like it. - [Kayla] Sis, you're killing those pants. I do love those. - [Dayna] Oh my gosh, thank you. - Ooh. - Thank you for letting me borrow them. - Oh God, okay. This won't be so bad. - Ah, what won't be bad? Staying in the house? 'Cause we're not. We're staying back there behind it. - Why? - Well, it does look like the caretakers quit a few weeks ago. And the electricity looks completely off, and you don't deserve it. - Nice, so, actual camping, like in tents. - Ah, come on, an air mattress in a tent is gonna beat the hell out of an alley way, right? - We don't know that, we can't say definitively. - It'll be fine, babe. I'm just gonna go run in and get some stuff. But if you guys wanna start setting up, it's literally just right behind the deck. And I'll be right back. - You good? - Yeah! (wistful music) - So this is camping? That's, that's great. People do this? - Yes, Richard, people do this and they seem to enjoy it. (Jameson chuckling) - Come on, man. This has gotta be better than giving blow jobs to the local biker gang for vodka in a dark alley, right? (Dayna and Jameson laughing) - I'm sorry, bro, I had to. - Jameson, are you always like this or is it just 'cause this jackass is around to motivate you? - Aw, man, I, I actually consider myself a pretty like angry guy. Humor allows me to kinda like hedge my initial response so I don't, you know, blow up at people, so. - Kayla, you think I should try that? - Yes, please. - Well, I don't know, I haven't always been like this. I, I guess like after my little brother died, I, ah, I just got like real angry. So. - [Dayna] I'm sorry. - Ah yeah, it's all good. But yeah, man, my, ah, (exhales) my little brother, ah, died in a car accident. He wasn't even driving. - What happened to him? Was it drunk driving, or? - Nah. - Just one of those things? - If a 90-year-old woman plowing through a fucking red light and hitting another car when she shouldn't even been fucking driving is just one of those things, then, eh, I guess so. - I ah, I didn't know, man. I wasn't, I wasn't trying to discount anything. - But no harm, no foul, right? My little brother, he was the good one. Ronnie was the best, man. Like straight-A student. Never touched drugs, alcohol, none of that. He was an Eagle Scout, straight As, man. He volunteered for this local organization that, ah, helped homeless teens. And, ah. - Doesn't make you a worse person or better just because you wanted to live your life the way you wanted to. - You know my therapist, on multiple occasions, she told me the same exact thing, man. But I still can't bring myself to believe it. When my little brother died, I honestly feel like it was a mistake, man. - God doesn't make mistakes. - Eh oh, well, if God didn't make a mistake then somebody else fucking did 'cause Ronnie should still be here, man. So yeah, that's, ah, that's why I use humor, 'cause like, ah, trying to think about life and just how fragile it is, it's like, it's just too much, man, so. - I am sorry. I, I, ah, didn't know that, Jameson, so. - Yeah, me too, Rich. But shit, man, I didn't come here to put like a damper on the whole journey through the wilderness with our good brother Rich here, so, ah, enough about me. All right. - Is, ah, is that why you treat me the way you do? 'Cause maybe your brother should be here instead of me? - You know what, Rich? You must be sober 'cause that's the most clarity I've heard from you since back before the work incident, right? And yeah, man. I, you know, I think there is a little bit of resentment. I just don't get why people that piss their life away, right? Just get to keep pissing it away when people who deserve to be here, aren't, right? And that made me question God. So bro, you know, I'm angry at you but it ain't got nothing to do with the work, bro. It's 'cause you made me question God. And your screw-up after screw-up after screw-up of a life is just another drop in the bucket of my evidence that fucking God don't exist. - Jameson, you don't have to keep talking about it. Look, I'm not gonna make an excuse, but he's an alcoholic and a drug addict. And it's a disease. - This, eh, I'm gonna just have to take your word on that whole disease shit, all right? Cancer is a disease. Mesothelioma is a damned disease. This motherfucker just a lazy shit. - I second that. - I, I hear you, man, but I, I, if that's the case, then a lot of people who are fucked up, they would just stop drinking. They wouldn't need a 12-step program or rehab. - Your disease is curable and the cure is like two miles from your apartment, man. - I, I agree with what he's saying. It's, think about all those stories we read all the time about our friends or celebrities OD-ing, and they die. It's, there's something, it's not random, there's something in their head. - Because they choose. - No, it's, it's more than that, it's not their fault. - It's not their fault because they chose to stay sick. People with cancer don't choose to stay sick? - I just wanted the voices to stop. - What? - What voices, Rich? (Rich sighing) - The voices. The ones that say you're not good enough, and you're never gonna be good enough, and that life sucks, and it's always gonna suck, and there's nothing you can do about it. When I drink though, you know, when I smoke, snort, pop, I finally feel okay. And that's all I've ever wanted, was to feel okay. - It will be okay. - So, you know, who wants food? - Well, yeah, we should eat something. - Yeah. (footsteps approaching) - Hey, Rich, can we talk real quick? So you said something earlier, um, about how you've been feeling and how you wanted to stop the voices. Remember my dad? - Yeah. He's a funny guy. - He started having problems after I left home. I try not to think about it very much but when I do, I realize he sounded a lot like you. He was looking for distractions, ya know? Whether he was home, at work, he had these voices. He said they would tell him he wasn't worth it. That nothing was worth it. And he was just trying to silence them too. - Does he drink like me? - He didn't drink. - [Richard] Didn't? - He killed himself. He didn't drink, he didn't do drugs, he was just, ah, looking for a way to silence the voices. And I think he was just looking until he found a way. - I'm not trying to kill myself. - You drink more than anyone I've ever seen, man. You do excessive amounts of any drug that's handed to you, so, so if you're not looking for death then I don't know what the hell you're looking for, man. Because that's the only possible thing that you're gonna find in every dark alley or hole that you crawl in. - I guess I, I think it would be okay if I wasn't here anymore. I think then maybe Kayla could find someone who wasn't an idiot, and then my friends wouldn't have to deal with my bullshit, ya know? - You're wrong, Rich. You're wrong. We're here because we love you, because you are worth it. And, I didn't get to say that to my dad. But I sure as hell can tell you. I'm not gonna watch you kill yourself. (owl hooting) I can't. (footsteps approaching) - Howdy. - Whoa, what the? (foreboding music) - What the hell? Hey, ah, hi, who are you? (foreboding music continues) - I'm sorry, this is private property, man, you're trespassing. - Well, I don't really believe that anyone can own a piece of the Earth. Especially not a piece of the Earth that the Father has created. I mean, really, we're all just stewards of the planet till he calls us home. - I appreciate you have that perspective, right? Ah, what the hell are you doing here? - My name is Eli. And I am on a pilgrimage. I'm, I'm just so happy to see you all. I haven't seen anybody in days. And, well, now I know why the Father led me into the wilderness, it was so that I could meet you beautiful people. (Jameson speaking softly) - Uh, how many days you said you'd been out here? - Two or three. - Have you eaten? - Kayla, stranger danger? - I agree. - Dude, it's okay, I mean, look at him, he's hurt. - Who cares? - Stop. - I'm so sorry about that. What happened to your hand? - Oh this, it's just a mishap with a tree branch. It's nothing serious. I'm all right. And I assure you that I am of no harm to any of y'all. - Well, we just finished eating, so I'm gonna get you a plate, okay? - Get your girl. - Eli was it? Um, you mentioned a pilgrimage. Is, is that why you're here? - Yes. Bless you. I was, I was, I was lost, I'd lost my way. And then I felt the Father, and the Father led me into the wilderness so that I could find my purpose. (Jameson coughing) - Let me get this straight. Ah, so you wandered out into the wilderness. Did, did the Father like give you GPS directions, or some shit, like? - And Yahweh said to Abraham leave your home, your country, your kinsmen, and your father's home and I will show you a new land. - Okay, gotcha (chuckles). We've got a space cadet on our hands right here. (Dayna speaking softly) - You said something about being lost. - I had no purpose. I was adrift, I was a lonely, desolate soul. And I did whatever I could to fulfill myself. Alcohol, drugs, sex. But none of it brought me what I needed. And then I found the Father. And the Father loved me. The Father needed me. And the Father showed me my purpose. And it's you. You are my purpose. (Jameson coughing) - Well, damn, Rich. We had this whole intervention, all you needed was the Father the whole damn time. (Jameson laughing) (Eli laughing) - You're very funny, my friend. But you use your humor to mask your anger and your hurt. - What did you just say to me? You've, you've been watching us? He been, how long have you been watching us? - Whoa, whoa, whoa. - Okay, come on. - I have no need to watch. The Father shows me what I need to see. And leads me to where I need to be. Only the spotless sheep, free of blemish ever get to meet the Father. Now tell me. Are you white as snow? - That some kinda racist bullshit. (punch landing) (group clamoring) - The Father gonna lead you to get your ass beat, boy. (foreboding music) What's up? - I meant no offense, my friend. - Not your friend. - Those who will not listen and receive thy greeting, leave them and shake the dust off your feet. Judgment is swift my friend. Cleanse thyself, less ye be cleansed. (foreboding music continues) (dirt crunching underfoot) - Okay, so, who wants s'mores? Or, who wants to pack everything up and get the fuck outta here as soon as possible? - Yo, if he comes back here, I'm gonna fucking murder him, okay. (Jameson hissing) - Jameson. - He better not show his face, man. - Jameson. - I ain't playing. - If you stay at this anger, I'm sure it'll be fine. - Yo, it's your fault that we even up here in the first place, so shut your mouth, all right? - All right, dude, he's joking, it's a joke. - What he said about me wasn't no fucking joke. This whole shit ain't funny. - Jameson, chill, chill, let's go. - Y'all tripping. All y'all tripping. - [Kayla] Go. - Is he still out there? - I hope not. - Take him on a walk, please, fuck. That is not how I imagined the start of this trip going. - Thought it was going okay. Till the psycho in the ripped poncho showed up. - Richard, is anything anyone is saying getting through to you? - Yeah, as much as it can right now, I guess. - But what does that even mean? It's either getting through to you or it's not. - I don't know what you want me to say. I know that my actions have (exhales), have hurt you and everyone else. And all my bullshit has affected everyone, and that sucks. 'Cause up until this point, I've, I've just ignored it. - Right. Okay, well, that's good, I mean it's good that you're aware of that now. - Kayla, I, for what it's worth, I am sorry. I know I haven't been sober long enough to have a coherent conversation. And I can't promise what's gonna happen, but I'm gonna try my best. - That's all I can ask for, sweetheart. - I'm gonna go see a man about a horse. - Okay, (chuckles) you do that. And be careful of the psycho hippie. - He's long gone. Okay. Hi, Kayla. I feel so stupid doing this, but I'm gonna try. You know, I know that we were talking about everything. And it just, (exhales). I wanted to say that I was, I, I'm, I'm really sorry. I've really been selfish. I, I always thought that I could just get by saying, you know, "I like to drink a lot and I like to do drugs. "And it's just my thing, "and you know I'm gonna do my thing." And, you know, "It's my life, nobody else is affected." But other people are affected and after talking with everyone, it's pretty hard to keep going in that direction, so. I just wanted to say that I'm gonna try to go a different way. And I, I wish I could take it all back. And I love you. Jameson? David? God. - Oh. The black sheep. (Richard exhaling sharply) I'm sorry, I didn't mean to startle you. - It's okay, man, it's just you were super weird over there and now you're sneaking up on me. - Oh, the Father requires a ritual when a sacrifice is to be made. The cleansing of iniquity and shame cannot happen unless one is willing. - Yeah, see that's the weird part. Look I'm, I'm super happy that you found your purpose. In meetings, they talk about a higher power and I'm never listening. But maybe I should listen, ya know? - My brother, I'm so happy to hear that. (unsettling music) Only through me does one reach The Father. (ominous music) (Richard gagging) (ominous music continues) (leaves crunching underfoot) Hello, Father. Oh I speak to you on all kinds of mediums today. I found the people you sent me for. They did not receive my message. But Father, fear not, I will extend it to them through any means necessary so that your grace, your grace, may lay upon the land like a blanket upon the babe. Oh Father, I will make you proud. I will make you proud. (static hissing) - I am really happy with how everything is going so far, and how everyone has shared. And, um, I just hope when you watch this, that you can see all of that, and it will help you. And that last conversation we had, it was really beautiful. And I could see the humanity that you have, and I could see the man that I fell in love with. And I just hope that, um, I hope that this will help you come out a better person. - Hey, you okay? - Yeah, I'm just talking to the camera. - Yeah I heard you, I didn't wanna interrupt. - Yeah, you know, I'm, I'm just hoping that this would fix him, you know? I just, I just want him back. - Tall order. Um, maybe we shouldn't hope that this fixes him. But maybe we hope that it gives him the perspective so he can fix himself. - Can I ask you, David, why is it that you stuck around? I mean, I've seen the way Richard has treated you, so why do you stay? - I guess I'm like you. Um, I've always seen the good in Rich. And I've always been a fan of the underdog and there is no one more under than Rich. (Kayla chuckling) - He is an underdog isn't he? - Yeah. - But he wasn't always like that, you know, it's like he brought this upon himself. - Well, that's what makes him endearing, ya know? The guy that wasn't a fuck up, who became a fuck up because he wanted to be a fuck up. - Do you really think he decided to be one though? - No. No, I think addiction is a disease, and I think addiction decided that for you, and you don't realize it until it's too late. - Yeah, that is some greeting card stuff right there. - Yeah, well, let's hope that he can realize that he's loved, and what he stands to lose. Anyway, I'm gonna go to sleep. For real this time. (Kayla exhaling sharply) - Why, why so early? I mean, look, the stars, it's incredible, and I'm all alone out here. - Yes, I know, but I, I got about three hours of sleep last night, and Rich is just exhausting. So, I'm just gonna put some music in my ears and tune out the world. Um, but if you need anything, I'm right there. - Thank you. - Yeah. Good night. - Good night. Sweet dreams. (somber, defiant music) ♪ I came from the mud ♪ - Good thing we're not all Richard, am I right? (Dayna laughing) - I mean yeah, it could be worse. I know that much. (Dayna laughing) ♪ You're strong like a tree ♪ ♪ There's roots where I stand ♪ ♪ Oh, I been running from the law ♪ (material ripping) ♪ Hope they won't shoot me down South ♪ (David grunting) ♪ They seen all the seekers die ♪ ♪ Try to catch me hollering at the moon ♪ ♪ Try to catch me hollering at the moon ♪ ♪ Try to catch me hollering at the moon ♪ ♪ Try to catch me hollering at the moon ♪ (Jameson & Dayna laughing) - Where the hell is Richard? - Um, he just went to the bathroom. I saw a light over there, I think he was filming himself, so. - Yeah, that sound like Richard. - Kayla, how blind can you be? How long has he be gone? Long enough to take some pills, or down a bottle of God knows what? - Dayna, stop it, okay, stop it. Right, I checked him and all his stuff before we came up here. - You check everywhere? - Yeah, 'cause I mean, what, he ain't been able to get nothing past you before? Look, I'm pretty sure this dude Richard done smuggled some shit up here, all right? And he probably in the forest somewhere getting high right now. - Yeah, probably smuggled it in his butt. - Richard, that's what he do. - That's Richard, man. Ew, that is so gross. Babe, I know you want this to work, obviously. But if he just went to pee, he'd be back by now. - Facts. - I told you this before we left. - I wish you weren't right. Maybe. - Right, that's Richard. That's what he do. We came up here for nothing. - No. - Are you okay? - Yeah. - I don't wanna leave you alone. - It's fine, David's here. - Okay. - Have fun. Goddamn it, Richard. - We ain't gonna make it, huh? - Yeah. - Long day. - Kind of what we expected, right? I really wish we weren't right. But like what else is he usually doing when he's gone that long? - Same ol' same, but, I don't know, man. Maybe we just being assholes. He might've just went off to just reflect on everything. - I mean, maybe. - Probably not though. - Yeah. - Mm. - You know how many times I've had to talk my sister off the ledge? - I bet, man. Richard is a handful. I mean, on a good day, and he don't have any good days. - [Dayna] Yeah like, what are those? (Dayna laughing) - So, how did your sister get you out here? Like how does she keep roping you into this stuff? - Um, well, the same vicious cycle usually starts. Um, I ignore her phone calls. - Okay. - Then she starts blowing up my phone, and then she leaves some kind of sensational message like, "Hey, I'm gonna go search some encampments "and alleys like by myself." I can't let my sister trudge through the darkest parts of LA by herself. So I go with her. Ya know? She loves him, she wants to fight for him, so all I can really do is just be here until she sees reason. - She got good intentions, man, I honestly think Rich could get sober. It ain't gonna happen on this trip. - What about you, yo? That was a little aggressive back there. You get a little triggered by that freaky weirdo? - It was barely even about that. I didn't like that he just ran up on us like that, that wasn't cool. - I think you kinda give that off, like a Chandler on "Friends" vibe. - Yup, maybe. Maybe what he said was true, and I mean, that's why I was pissed off, but screw it. Eh, look, the truth hurt, I hurt him, you know, fuck it. The universe is even. - Maybe I should try that. (mellow music) More fist fights. No, I'm just kidding (laughs). The humor, the humor covering up the hurt and anger, yeah, then maybe my sister wouldn't think I was such a bitch. - Kayla don't think that. - Are you sure about that? - I don't think that. - You don't? - No, I think you are kind, caring, and beautiful. (mellow music continues) (branch breaking) (man groaning) Fuck? - Whoa. What was that? - Hey, hello? Hello? - Yo, yo, yo, yo. - Hold up. - Yo, let's go back and get the crew. - Na, na, na, fuck that. (man groaning) Hey. - These woods would be better with them. - Fuck that. Hey yo, Rich, if you, if you playing games out here, man, I'm gonna beat your ass. - That does not sound like Richard. - Chill out, ah, I got this, you just wait here. - Yo, Jameson, please, please, please, can we just go back and get everybody. I like don't have a good feeling. - Girl, look- - I never like to go out- - Baby girl, you see me? Look, I'm big. - I see it. - I ain't gonna get taken down by some weirdo in a damn poncho, or Rich. - All right, you do what you gotta do. All right, okay. - All right, stop playing around. Come on out. Hey, show your face. Let's do it. Man, Ricky, stop playing, dawg. Big Rich (gasps). - Jameson? (Jameson gasping) (bushes rustling) Jameson? Oh my, Jameson, oh my, oh! (ominous music) (Jameson grunting) Jameson, what, oh, (indistinct). (ominous music continues) Oh my God. Oh (indistinct). (ominous music continues) (Dayna & Eli grunting) Oh my god, please no. No, (sobs) no, no, please no. Please, please. No, no, please, please, please, look, look, you don't have to do this, please. (Dayna yelling) (ominous music continues) (bone breaking) (Eli grunting) - [Kayla] David, David, are you still awake? Richard's been gone, and (gasps). (Kayla screaming) (menacing music) (Kayla hyperventilating) - Do you like my work? - What have you done? - Oh, I've purified the impure. Fulfilling the purpose that my Father sent me forth to do. Oh and I'm so excited, I'm so close. (menacing music turning darker) I've never felt fulfillment like this before. I just, I knew, I knew, I knew that if I listened long enough, hard enough, that, well, I'd be shown the path to my fulfillment. (Kayla sobbing) Now it's just you. You're the last one. The lost sheep. Oh, darling, it's time for you to return to the shepherd by the grace of my, red, right hand. - What have you done to my sister? Dayna! (Kayla sobbing) Oh my God, where's Richard, where's Richard? - You'll be joining them soon, it's okay. - Freak. (ominous music) (Kayla grunting) (ominous music continues) (Kayla grunting) (Kayla hyperventilating) (ominous music continues) (Kayla breathing shallowly) (ominous music continues) (Kayla screaming) (both grunting) (Kayla squealing) (ominous music continues) (punch landing) (Kayla grunting) (Kayla yelling) (Eli falling) (Kayla grunting) (flesh tearing) (Kayla yelling) (Kayla sobbing) (Kayla sobbing continues) (Kayla sobbing continues) (Kayla sobbing continues) (Kayla grunting) (Kayla sobbing) (Kayla sobbing continues) (static hissing) - [Male] The heat given off by the decaying suffering of death of all mankind, suffering of death of all mankind. (lively defiant music) (defiant music continues) ♪ Cracks between things being (indistinct) ♪ ♪ Tissue (indistinct) ♪ ♪ His ears were nothing but dead (indistinct) ♪ ♪ Out of his head ♪ ♪ His ears were nothing but dead (indistinct) ♪ ♪ The side of his head ♪ (defiant music continues) (defiant music continues) ♪ Got mad, it doesn't matter when (indistinct) ♪ ♪ He doesn't give a shit ♪ ♪ Why (indistinct) ♪ ♪ Go ahead and spit on it ♪ ♪ If you'll take it slow we need no map ♪ ♪ Those sponges (indistinct) ♪ ♪ Those sponges (indistinct) ♪ ♪ Those sponges (indistinct) ♪ (defiant music turning discordant)