Sheriff, I sent for you because these gold robberies have narrowed down to your territory. Once the gold is stolen, it seems not to appear for resale. So whoever's stealing it apparently is stashing it away. We've got to find it. Marshal, I'm doing all I can but I need help. And you shall have it. I've got just the man for you. Come in, Johnny, how are you? Marshal. Johnny, this is Sheriff Masters of Goldfield. This is Johnny Carpenter, one of my best men. Nice to meet you, sheriff. Same goes here, I've heard a lot about you. You're pretty well known along the border yourself. Johnny, you'll move in on Goldfield and work with the sheriff as usual. I'm hoping you'll be able to solve this mess because if we miss, some of us are going to be looking for new jobs. You know how politics are, sheriff. If we don't give them plenty of action they're always trying to cut our heads off. Now Johnny, the sheriff will give you all the information he has and you can take your pick of anyone to help you. Well I'd like to use Bob Benson and his sister Bess. You know how we've worked together before. If it's all possible I can get the job done with their help. You mean to say you have a woman on your force? One of the best. Marshal, this is no job for a woman. I assure you this requires someone tough and rugged. Don't worry about the rugged part. We've worked on a lot of cases together. Surely you must have known of the Benson's. Their father was the best law man in the west. You mean they're the son and daughter of Jim Benson? That's right. I knew him well. He and I worked on many a case together. I knew he had a family but I had no idea they were packing stars. Well they are. See, they've been working with me since their father was killed by a gunslinger. Whether it was for revenge or not, I don't know, but they've been working on the side of the law and they do mighty well. Well marshal, I guess you know what you're doing but where you're sending him they'll have to do well. Well I'll be going. Good to see you again, marshal. Good to see you, sheriff. And I'll see you in Goldfield, Johnny. Right. Bob, Bess! Hey Bob, Bess! Johnny! Johnny Carpenter! How in the world are you? Hello Bess, we have an assignment. Where's Bob? He's down at the south pasture working on the fence. Wait till I get a horse, I'll go with you. We haven't time, you'd better go with me now. Johnny, how are you? Hey, who's been taking your fence down? That's what I'd like to know. Hey wait, fellas, you haven't time to stand around here and talk. He's got an assignment for us. Great, where is it? Goldfield, Bob. What's the deal? Nevermind, there isn't time to tell us now. He'll tell us on the way. Hey wait, we're not going without Daisy. Oh, do we have to take her? Well we're doggone well not going without her. She helped us before. We might need her again. Okay, I'm willing. Come on, Daisy, come on! That's a baby. Alright fellas, if you're ready let's get going. I'm ready. How about you, sis? Daisy. You know you can't take your baby on this trip. You've got work to do. Go on, now, take her back. Go on. Come on, Daisy, come on. That's a baby. That's it, sit down. Boys, I called you in to tell you that next shipment of gold goes through on the afternoon stage on its way to the railroad. Now you'll intercept it at the pass just below the old mine. Jake, you know what you're to do. Yeah, I meet them at the buck board, take the stuff up to the mine and hide it with the rest of the gold. Right. Now this is pretty close to our base of operation so lead anyone away from the road to the old mine. Shorty, you drive that stage down the road a few miles before you turn it loose and be sure the guard and driver won't be ever able to identify any of you. Okay boss. The rest of you know what you're to do. Boys, this is the last job we have to pull for a while. Make it good. A fortune in gold and we can't spend a cent of it. I hope the guy Rance is expecting has got a good plan to put these into circulation. Yeah. Rance has been planning this for years. Even to getting this bird out of prison. He don't take this kind of chance unless he's got a sure thing. I get itchy fingers just looking at this stuff. Let's get back to town. Come in. Well boys, how did it go? Perfect, the gold's up at the old mine and the stagecoach won't be found within miles of it. Good work. Sit down, have a drink to our success. Wait a minute, a drink is fine but when do we get our cut? So far we've taken all the risks and we haven't got a thing to show for it. We can't spend them gold bars like silver dollars. That's where our friend the professor comes in. I got a telegram from him this morning. He'll be in on the afternoon stage. Who is this professor? We never heard of him. How do we know he's gonna be able to make money out of them gold bars? You've never heard of him because he's never operated in this part of the country which is to our advantage. He's discovered a way of melting down that pure gold and spraying it back into worthless quartz. Well I don't see how pouring that gold back into the ground is gonna put money in our pockets. Boys, we're gonna restock the worthless old mine with the richest gold bearing ore you've ever seen, form our own mine company, and legally mine the stolen gold. But when will be able to mine it? Well actually just a few days after the equipment's set up. Rance, we might be in trouble. What do you mean trouble? The old mine where we're hiding the stuff has just been filed on. That's ridiculous. There isn't any more gold in that mine than in your teeth. Oh no, I guess what we've been putting in there for hiding is jelly beans? Shorty, who filed on it? Some old codger. I never saw him before but it's all legal. Boys, get out to the mine and run him off. I don't care how you do it but do it. Oh, hi fellers! Hello, old timer. What do you think you're doing? I'm just moving in on my new holdings. My name is Wiggins. We don't care who you are. You're getting off right now. Get moving? Why, you must be joking. Look, I filed on this property and it's mine. Filed or not you're getting out right now. Well I ain't doing no such a thing. Alright. Fellas, help the old boy with his things. He's leaving. Leaving, I ain't leaving 'cause here's my claim right here. Hey, take it easy, men. Hey, what seems to be the trouble here? Well that's none of your business. One at a time, mister. You'll get your chance, too. And now, gentlemen, you will put everything back where it was. You'll hear more about this and you won't like what you'll hear. Less of this and more riding, get going. Tell me, friend, what was this all about? Well sir, I don't know. See I filed claim on this abandoned mining property and then these sidewinders come along and tried to throw me off. That's a funny one. I wonder why? There's nothing funny about it. There's something here that someone wants. Yeah. Look, old timer, you sit tight and don't let them run you off and we'll do some investigating for you. Oh, much obliged, much obliged. Say, that's the first time I missed my catalog teeth. Thanks, shorty. They don't fit so well, do they? Those two hombres fought like a couple of wildcats and they got a gal with them. Shoots pretty good. Boys, we'll have to keep our eyes on those three. Nothing must stop us from getting that old man off the mine property. Well this looks like a nice, quiet little town. Yeah. It's a little too quiet for me. Let's see the sheriff. Oh and by the way, sheriff, I forgot to introduce you to my two running mates, Bob and Bess Benson. Well, I'm mighty glad to meet you two after all I've heard about you. We've heard a lot about you too, Sheriff Masters. How are you, sheriff? Glad to know you. Well, where in the world did that come from. That happens to be Daisy, sheriff. I guess she wants to be introduced too. Wherever we go, she goes. Always at your service. This is a terrific little gang, sheriff, that is after you get to know them. Well let's sit down and try to figure this thing out. We may be able to round up this gang. Well thinks the missing gold bars are somewhere in this vicinity. Hey, could there be any connection with the mine today and that old fella they tried to run off? Of course, there could be connections with anything. That's what we gotta find out. You two will work, as usual, undercover. The sheriff and I will have to work out in the open. Well let's get up the street. We'll have to make arrangements for your horses at the county corral. There's a man out there looking for you. He just got here on the stage. Good, that's probably the professor. Well professor, good to see you. Likewise, Rance. Nice to be out in the west. It's nice to be out, isn't it professor? Yes. I wanna thank you for what you did for me. Say, what's this big deal all about? Meet in my office. Wait a minute. There's two of the people that butted in out at the mine. You folks see what I see? What's up, you folks act like you've seen a ghost. We have, sort of. Meaning what? Meaning that little man you see over there, he's a very dangerous person. As far as I know, he's an escaped convict. That's right, the last time I saw him he was sent up for 20 years. And it was our dad that sent him up. Well if you think he's escaped, I better lock him up. Not yet, sheriff. If we let him run loose, he might lead us to the gang ransom. Yeah, like a bird dog. Now he doesn't know me. That'll make it easier. But he better not see me with you two. Looks like they could be trouble. Look like trouble? They are trouble. I know that boy and girl. They're the law. Are you sure? Course I'm sure. If they see me here we're in for it. Then get into my office and stay out of sight. The man he's talking to is Rance. He sort of runs things around here. Then he's tied in with a no good hombre. Johnny, is there anyway we can check on why the professor's running around loose? Yes, there is. Sheriff, can you trust your local telegraph operator? As far as I know he's alright. Better take no chances, Johnny. Alright Bess. We'll send the message ourselves tonight. Come on. You suppose we can the marshal at this hour? Yeah, there's somebody in his office at all times. You think it's alright fellas breaking in here like this. This is federal business, sheriff. Anything we do is alright as long as we're on the side of the law. I guess you fellas know what you're doing. How do things look down the street, sis? I don't like it, it's too quiet. Hey, come here. Can't understand where the sheriff and those law pushers are. Not a sign of 'em in town. Well Rance, even lawmen gotta sleep sometime. Leave that bottle alone. You've got into trouble before drinking. You talk too much and nothing must happen to spoil this deal. Shorty, get the boys and look around town. I have a feeling the law is up to something. Sure boss. I got him. It's the director of the marshal's headquarters. Good, ask him to check on the professor. See how come he's running loose. They're contacting the marshal at his home. Well that'll mean more waiting but worth it. Those roughnecks are heading this way. You better move fast. Let's get out of here. We can't, I've gotta wait for this message. And I'm waiting with him. Sheriff, let's get the horses ready. Johnny, we'll meet you at the edge of town. Looking for someone? Yeah, you. Reach, you. Drop it. Reach. You reach. Quick, high. Now drop your guns. I wonder what's keeping the boys. They probably have their hands full but don't worry about them. They can take care of themselves. We'd better get out of here. They'll bring the whole town down on us. Wait a minute, I've got an idea. We've gotta get our answer and we'll get it. We'll take this telegraph setup with us. Great, we'll need these tools. Okay, get her done, boy. Alright, Johnny. Keep a sharp watch, boy. Well one thing, they haven't left town. Then we've gotta find them. Here it comes, Johnny. Smart boys. You should be around them. Professor Benson with outside help, escaped federal penitentiary, June sixth. Whereabouts unknown. We better warn them. They've got to get that message. Hold it. Come down out of there, you. I'll trouble you for that message. And I'll trouble you, to drop those guns. Here, hold these will ya? It's mighty good coffee, Bess. Thank you, Johnny. Sheriff, I'm sorry I can't offer you cream but I guess you can't have the comforts of home and the beauties of nature too. Aren't you finding this outdoor life a little uncomfortable for a lady. Ms. Masters would be glad to have you down at the house until this case is closed. What? Maybe miss out on some action? You don't know Bess. Don't worry about me, sheriff. I'm afraid I stop being a lady when I pinned on my socks. Well let's get down to business, sis. Our main purpose is to find that gold. Bob's right. But it's too early to crack down on Rance and the professor. Without evidence there'd be no conviction. Now here's our plan of action. We all know that Rance is interested in the old miner's shaft. So tonight, Bob and Bess will go into the land office and search the records, maybe they can come up with something that'll be of help to us. What are you gonna do, Johnny? I'm gonna contact the professor. He doesn't know me. Maybe I can get him to talk. Daisy, look out! Well, I'll see you in town, Bess. So will I. I think I'll go with them. Cowards. Daisy. Howdy Rance. Everything's going swell out the mine. How's the professor? Oh, he's working like a little beaver. That's quite a contraption he has to work on the gold. Yeah, he's the best in his field. Hey, by the way, what happened to that old miner? Jake and Shorty take care of him just like you told them to. Now remember, no liquor for the professor. This job must not miss. Don't worry. It's fixed so he can't get a drink in this town money. Good, I'll be out the mine later to check up. Say, has there been any sign of those bunch of law pushers? I haven't seen 'em around. I guess they took out. Rance ain't gonna let you have no whiskey, prof. We gotta get this job done quick. I know, Bart, but I need a little to quiet me down. Couldn't you arrange to get me some, my nerves are all shot. Nothing doing, now get out the mine and get to work. Here's my chance to get in with the professor. If I make the grade, you let Bob and Bess know where you'll be. Okay, I will. Hello, professor. I don't believe I know you, friend. Oh yes you do or maybe you'd better take a good look. Your face is familiar. Say, who are you? They call me Red River Johnny. Red River Johnny, yeah, I remember the name from down along the border. But how do you know me? I was doing a little hitch in the big corral, professor, when you were doing your bid there. Shh. I was let out but you went over the wall. Say, you do know me, don't you? Oh, by the way, what do the boys think about my breaking out? They think you're plenty smart, professor. I bet they do. What are you doing in these parts? I heard there's a little gold floating around. Thought maybe I might cut in. Not a chance, son, not a chance. That's the deal I'm here on. You'd better cut me in. By the way, the sheriff might like to know you're here, professor. You wouldn't do that. I'd do anything. I'm desperate and I need money. Besides, might work out to your advantage. Meaning what? Meaning you and I might pull a little double cross and have it all to ourselves. Why I wouldn't... Come on, I'll set you in with the boys. This is my set up. Come on, I'll show it to you. You know, professor, ever since you went over the wall I've kind of admired your brains. Yep, you had to be a pretty smart feller to figure out all this equipment. There isn't another man in these parts knows what I know about gold and I got all the information right up here. Hey, what is all this stuff? Very interesting. You know, I bet you know a way to mine gold that's worth a million. I do, I do. But nobodies gonna find out. Rance isn't taking any chances. Why he won't even let me touch a drop of liquor, afraid I might spill something. Hey, what do you think you're doing? The boss ain't gonna like this a bit. He don't like blabbermouths. We've had trouble with this guy before. He's been acting mighty suspicious lately. Who is he? He's an old buddy of mine. Red River Johnny. We used to work down along the border together. Sorry about that little trouble this morning, boys, but I was just playing a game of my own. Wait a minute. I've heard of Red River Johnny and a faster and a better shot ain't never been seen anywhere. Come here, mister. I'd like to see what you can do with a gun. Shorty, go set him up a target. It's ready, Bart. Okay, go ahead. Hey gentlemen, mind if I take a practice shot? No, go right ahead. I remember right, he was also good with a whip. Here, let's see what you can do with this. Good work, my boy. Well Shorty, looks like that's him alright. Yeah, wait'll Rance hears about this. This Red River Johnny's got quite a reputation. You better slip down and tell him what the professor's done. Rance, guess who's in town. I just saw him out at the mine. The professor took him out there. Red River Johnny, you know the one we saw with the sheriff. Red River Johnny? So that's who was talking to the sheriff. Then what's the professor meddling with him for? He explained that, you see, Red River Johnny, the minute he hits town likes to get acquainted with the law. That is if the law don't already know him and in this case they don't. That way he can work both ends against the middle. He might be a handy guy to have around. He's sure a wizard with a gun. I'd better get out the mine and check on this. Say Shorty, by the way, I heard the sheriff left town for a couple of days. Have you seen anything of the other two? No, our guess was right, they've gone. Saddle me a horse. We'll head for the mine as soon as it's dark. Okay, boss. This shows the mine they're working on was filed on three days ago, transferred yesterday. I've got a hunch it was the little miner who first filed then somebody made him transfer yesterday. There's something in that mine they want that ain't gold. I don't think so. I'll bet that's where they're keeping the gold we're looking for. Hey, maybe you're right. Hey, I just saw a flash of light in that land office. Daisy's warning us. Someone's coming. Let's get out of here. Too late, they're here. Let's go out that door. That door. Come on Daisy. Let's jump down to that roof. There they go. Daisy, come out. Hold it. Shorty, throw these two in jail. We'll hold for the mine and bring in this Red River Johnny. Then we'll hold a nice little necktie party. Okay, let's go. That one, over there. Rance mentioned Red River Johnny. That must be Carpenter. Then he's out at the mine. We've gotta get out of here. He'll be needing help. Well, you got any ideas, Houdini? Tell me, professor, how do you melt this gold? Well that's easy, son. In that heater over there. We melt it down, we pour it into these worthless rocks, then Rance has it delivered to the smelter and credited to his account. It's actually mining gold. Very clever. Have another drink professor. Professor's had enough to drink. So you're Red River Johnny, aye? Very interesting. You're not Red River Johnny, Mr. Lawman. We caught your pals going through the records at the land office. We took care of them. Now what's your next move? Get out the tool house and get some dynamite. We'll make this look like an accident. Move the gold outside then get into town. We'll finish those other two. By now Sheriff Masters is at the meadows waiting to hear from us. Well this whole plan would have worked out fine if we weren't caged up here like a pair of monkeys. Yeah. Hey wait a minute, where's Daisy? Come on in, Daisy, come on. Get the keys. On the desk. Go on, get the keys, up on top, way up there. That's right. Good girl. Oh no, Daisy, come back! Come on, come on, bring 'em here. Come on. We've gotta work fast. When we get out of town, I'll go to the mine to help Johnny. And I'll meet the sheriff and tell him what's up. Come on Daisy. Right. Hey man! Come on, boy, come on. Pick it up. Come on, come on. That a boy, come on. Now get out of there, get! Johnny, Johnny. Boy I just had a close one. You talk about close, they were ready to hang me. Where's Bess? I sent her after the sheriff. We gotta head 'em off. We better hurry. I've got to nail this guy Rance. Sheriff, sheriff! You seem to be in a hurry, what's up? Johnny's in trouble out at the old mine, come on. Well let's go. Sure glad to see you, sheriff. We've got a fight on our hands. I'm ready to crack down on Rance. Well let's get started. My boys are waiting out the edge of town. They're gone! We've gotta catch them, they know too much. They can't be far. Shorty, you come with me. The rest of you comb the town. We'll go back to the office. They just might show up there. We better destroy those papers anyway. You're right, it's still not too late to be cautious. Sheriff, I'd like to take Rance alive if possible. He's got a score to settle with the law. You get your men down to the end of the street. We'll get the rest of it started. Right. Rance, those law pushers are in town and they're ready. That law gang, they're heading this way. Shorty, this may be a little rough. I sent for the Dylan gang to help us. They'll be here any minute. That's using your head. Here's your man, sheriff. He's one bad hombre that won't be giving us anymore trouble for a while. The rest of 'em are taken care of. Well, I guess that does it folks. And not bad. Daisy, come on Daisy, come on. Well, that's it. Well what are you boys up to now? We just notified the marshal. The case is closed. You certainly did a fine job, fellas. Sheriff Masters, it's been a real pleasure working with you. On our next assignment, I have an idea you'll be with us. Thanks, Johnny. And I kind of hoped you folks would be sticking around a while. Not a chance, sheriff. This town's too quiet for us. Or at least it will be from now on. Well so long.