Tell, me what does it mean? What does it mean? I know what it means. There's just one God There's just one God He is the Eternal Truth He is the Eternal Truth Eternal Truth is God Eternal Truth is God He's the one who does everything He fears nothing and no one He has no enemies either. He does not discriminate Just one God, the Supreme Lord, whom nobody can ever defile Nobody can distrust His trust, His peace, His faith That is God That is God That is God Praise Him, for all is His. - Hail Lord! Victory is His! Have some oblations. That makes for a good beginning of the day What a beautiful day. And Anjali's still asleep..? Go and wake her up Okay. Wake up.. Good morning, Anjali. Rise and shine darling. No, as your Papa says, "Those who sleep, always lose out" And I don't want my beautiful daughter.. to lose out a single moment of this glorious morning So get up, Anjali. Wake up Mama, what's the exact time like. Talk to me only in Hindi. It makes Papa happy Okay, Mama. What's the time like exactly? Now don't ask me for the Hindi translation of "exactly" I'll have to check that in my Hindi dictionary. Right now, it's 9:30:51 What? Oh my gosh, I am horribly late. What're you late for, Anjali. But your classes don't start until late in the afternoon, do they? So what are you late for? - Well.. today's Friday, Mummy The latest movie from Bollywood is being released today Vidhu, Shivani and I were going to catch the morning show The whole of the Indian community must be there. I'll go with you, too With you around, my friends are going to be very reserved! Really? I know I'm late, but I'll be there exactly at 10:30, okay? Don't sulk. Who are you talking to? I was talking to Shivani, Mama. Go on now.. let me get ready Wear some nice clothes. The entire Indian community must be present there Your daughter, mama. - Okay. Sorry, God, I had to tell a lie early in the day But this Western mother of mine is stricter than the Indian mothers Had I told her who I'm going to really meet.. I would've been in trouble Hi Indian Raja.. Pop star of tomorrow. Mama says, I must talk in Hindi. Hi Indian Raja. Superstar of tomorrow Hi, baby. Sorry. As your Mama says, always speak in Hindi Hello sweetheart. 21 years of age and still secretly sets out to meet.. her lover, on the sly. Right? It's girls who come out secretly that you compose your songs for If everything were to come out in the open.. ..where would that leave romance? And without romance.. there's nothing Now tell me something. What'll you do if your lies are exposed some day? I'll say I don't recognise you But I'll still keep coming to meet you secretly Wow! You seem to be in a great mood today! To begin with, you're late. And you're already talking big! Whom will I talk big with, if not you? Now you tell me.. what am I getting to hear from you today? Which language would you like to hear it in? Hindi, English, Spanish, Punjabi..? - Hindi! In any case, everyone here's going to understand the language of love Really? So let me see how much you love me "The one I've lost my heart to.." "is a real sweetheart" "The one I love, the one I'm loyal to.." "is a real sweetheart" "The one I've lost my heart to.." "is a real sweetheart" "I want to fondle your tresses.." "I want to gather you in my arms" "I want to fondle your tresses.." "I want to gather you in my arms" "I want to kiss your eyes.." "I want to dance, romance you" "I wish to dream of you.." "I wish to make you mine" "I wish to keep you in my heart." "I wish I could steal you from yourself" "The one I love has charms that stand out.." "she's a real sweetheart" "The one I've lost my heart to.." "is a real sweetheart" "I have loved you, my love. I have always waited for you" "I have loved you, my love. I have always waited for you" "Don't look away from me, for I have trusted you alone" "In your memories, I shall forever be lost.." "for you, I shall bear every sorrow" "For me alone, has God sent you to earth.." "I could say that to the whole world" "The one who holds me under a spell.." "is a real sweetheart, a sweetheart all the way" "The one I've lost my heart to.." "is a real sweetheart" "The one I love, the one I'm loyal to.." "is a real sweetheart" "Beautiful, beautiful, you're so beautiful." "Beautiful, beautiful, sweetheart." Announces the arrival of flight 111 from New Delhi to Montreal. Passengers are requested to.. - Hi. Hi, mom. Love you sweet mama. My child.. bless you? Oh sister, getting sentimental. If you cry, so will Mama and Papa. And I'll have to follow suit And here at the Canadian airport, we'll have a tear-jerker.. right out of a Bollywood flick! No pleasure in laughing as there is in crying. So let's go home and cry all we want to, okay? I don't believe this. I can't get over this thing. You're five months pregnant. And you haven't even told us yet! And nobody's even got to know! Wow. Half western, you see Or eating the greasy stuff of Delhi.. ..I'd have looked 10 months pregnant! Sis, you're my friend. But you can never be the typical Indian sister But how could you do this, sis? How could you keep it hidden from Papa, Mummy and ME ? As if we'd have grudged you any happiness I am sorry, Anjali. But you know. We've been married for ten years But after three miscarriages, I was so demoralised.. that until I reached the fifth month of pregnancy.. and was sure that I would certainly become a mother this time.. I didn't want to give you folks any false hopes He agreed with me, too. - "He", I see! Your husband must be thrilled to bits.. ..to see that finally he's becoming a father? Oh yes, he's very thrilled And despite my pregnancy, he's away on a world business tour He'll return just a month before the delivery But the whole of that one month will belong only to us, Anjali Only to us I'm going to be a grandfather I'm going to be a grandmother! I'm going to be a grandfather I'm going to be a grandfather Look at grandfather-grandmother groom. Look at grandfather-grandmother groom. Okay, everybody. Calm down now. Okay, everybody. Calm down now. You're pregnant, you've got to be very careful You can't even imagine how happy I am Look.. I'm close to tears? - Papa. To become grandparents is the biggest joy in the world.. the biggest joy I'm eagerly awaiting the day.. ..when I can carry him in my arms That moment is going to change our lives I love you, papa. Bless you my child. May you live long So you've a boyfriend. You're in love with him. So what's the problem? You know how Mom and Dad are Raj's just a struggling musician. And Mama and Papa would want me to have a husband like yours, right? Leave it to me to convince Mama and Papa But I need to be convinced first, whether the one you've chosen.. is right for you I'll give you the only green signal only after I'm convinced That's it That's exactly why I've brought you here. You're going to simply adore him He loves me very much. - I'm sure Mama and Papa will also be sure.. ..when they meet your boyfriend in happy circumstances.. And that will be when they become grandparents With the baby cradling in their arms, they won't refuse you anything You're such a darling. I knew you'd find the perfect solution Come, let me introduce you to Raja You're right. It's always necessary to broach every subject at the right time Else, things could go wrong. I don't want things to go wrong for Anjali and me.. ..for anything in the world Because I know how important the family is for Anjali Thank you, Raja. I'm glad you understand.. how much our family means to us You don't need to thank me. When you love someone, you always want to see her happy And that's exactly why I want Anjali to be happy too? And I know Anjali wants to see everyone happy. Whether it has to do with her family .. ..or me As you know, Raja, I'll be staying here only till I deliver the baby And I want to see everyplace you and Anjali visit, sit and chat.. and dream of your lives ahead So what place is that.. which two people deeply in love.. ..consider to be the most beautiful one? Show me. - Paradise Paradise..? Paradise for him is Beaver Lake. It's heaven Beaver Lake. So let's go there and start our first meeting together Wow. - Thank you. Raja, Anjali never told me you were such a terrific guitarist What music. But you didn't have any lyrics for the tune, did you? I composed the tune right now. Inspired by the surroundings and the serenity. I didn't even think of the lyrics So what are you waiting for? Your inspiration is right before you. Lend words to your tune Now..? Right now? All right. Let me help you Can you tell me just how much you love my sister? I keep telling her that every day. Let me try something different today Why don't we make Anjali tell us how much she loves me? Oh yes! He's got a point, Anjali! Give him an answer As if I am a musician! Look at her making excuses. - He's right You mustn't make excuses. To express your feelings.. you don't have to be a musician. Just say it Okay, just make a beginning. Later, I'll join you too Oh God! What am I to say now? - Anything.. but please sing C'mon, Anjali. Bring your feelings to your lips "Whoever cares for the consequences of love..?" "we merrily carry on loving" "Whoever cares for the consequences of love..?" "we merrily carry on loving" "He's the one I'm crazy about.." "it's his name I keep chanting" "My love for you shall always be there.." "My love for you shall always be there.." "this much I promise you" "Whoever cares for the consequences of love..?" "we merrily carry on loving" "He's the one I'm crazy about.." "it's his name I keep chanting" "Tis a season for hearts that thirst,.." "Spring, at last, is here" "In your arms, I want to live.." "I'm going to love my beloved more than my life" "Life desires only you.." "Life desires only you.." "I give you all I have" "Whoever cares for the consequences of love..?" "we merrily carry on loving" "Happiness everywhere.." "without him, however, I feel very lonely" "Anxiety grips my heart.." "we're expecting a new guest at home..? ..Obsessed with the baby" ..Obsessed with the baby, "I live on"? "He's the one I'm crazy about, it's his name I keep chanting" "As long as there is fragrance in the roses.." "the air shall be scented" "For as long as roses blossom.." "my heart shall have only love for you" "You have no idea how much I love you.." "You have no idea how much I love you.." "it's love alone that I'm drunk on" "Whoever cares for the consequences of love..?" "we just keep loving" "He's the one I'm crazy about; it's his name I keep chanting" "Love shall always be there.." "Love shall always be there.." "this much, I promise you" "Whoever cares for the consequences of love..?" "we just keep loving" Okay, Raja, I've reached the airport. Don't get to the hospital to see sis.. Ma and Pa are totally stressed out I don't want them to meet you for the first time in such circumstances ..in such circumstances Please. Got me. Dare not go to the hospital. It's important for me to find bro-in-law first! Please! I hope I haven't missed you. Excuse, has the BA flight from New York landed? Half an hour back. Where're you bro-in-law..? - Right behind you I thought I lost you. I thought I'd lost you, bro-in-law I thought I'd lost you, bro-in-law Wonderful. Your Hindi's gotten to be very good Looks like you've been watching a lot of Hindi movies Oh, no bro-in-law! Actually, that's not true at all? Let's buy some flowers for your sister. Come on. Let's pick up those flowers later. We got to rush, bro-in-law Don't worry. My missus knows how to take care of me and herself I've got nothing to do. I only make money.. and buy my wife her favourite flowers. There's no better trained wife than Mrs. Sahni in the whole society This Punjabi guy's trained his wife in such a way.. she never says anything out of turn. She remains quiet Come on, Anjali. I think we should hurry. Thank you. Bro-in-law.. - Relax, relax I know she's going to be such a chatter-box after the delivery.. I'll have to leave on a world tour again But to tell you the truth. She's a doll. Anjali, please help me here. I think I ought to buy more than just flowers. Maybe some.. But sis wants to see you immediately bro-in-law! I don't think you should wait anymore. Your sis and I have a perfect understanding I always get there after she has herself handled all the tension She is unbelievable. Mama, look who is here. Look who is here, papa? Aditya. You're late. You're very, very late. She has passed away. Our child has gone. Mama. That's not possible. She can't leave us and go. Papa. - Anjali! Listen to me! Aarti's no more. My daughter's no more She has left behind a pair of twins. What's going to happen of them? What's going to happen of all of us..? What..? It's for you to make the decision, Anjali We have always let both our daughters make their own decisions We have always inculcated in you values.. that will make your conscience and heart tell you.. whether what you're doing is right or wrong In keeping with traditions then, we want you to make up your mind Whatever you decide, whether you agree or not.. we will respect your preference So think, my child. Take your own time.. and only then take a decision. Because we need to decide something Come, let her think. "The ache of love will never leave the heart" "For this is an obsession that cannot be ended even with death" "What world is that, Lord..?" "from which we hear no voice..?" "In love, everything else is wiped out.." "it's only the yearning that torments us.." "oh memories..! that's all that is left: memories" "Your memories.." "memories are all we have" "In love, everything else is wiped out.." "In love, everything else is wiped out.." "it's only the yearning that torments us.." "it's only the yearning that torments us.." "oh memories..! that's all that is left: memories" "Your memories.." "memories are all we have" "Your memories.." "Your memories.." "Your memories.." "oh memories..! that's all that is left: memories" "oh memories..! that's all that is left: memories" "Plunging my life in loneliness.." "you have walked out of my life" "I can take it no more.." "without you, I won't be able to live" "Every breath of mine steeped in pain.." "I can hardly cope with my anguish" "Every breath of mine steeped in pain.." "I can hardly cope with my anguish" "Come now, for I have always been loyal to you.." "Come now, for I have always been loyal to you.." "Oh memories.. I have only memories" "Your memories.." "memories.. all I have" "Your memories.." "Your memories.." "Your memories.." "Oh memories.. I have only memories" "Oh memories.. I have only memories" Mama. "In memory was the magnificent Taj Mahal built.." "in memory were penned the best of poems" "In memory was the magnificent Taj Mahal built.." "in memory were penned the best of poems" "The heart is an ocean in which blossoms the lotus of our dreams.." "and how we miss those moments gone by" "You are not here, but your memories torment me,.." "You are not here, but your memories torment me,.." "Oh memories..! that's all we are left with" "Oh memories..! that's all we are left with" "Love wipes out everything else.." "it causes us to pine, makes us suffer.." "Love wipes out everything else.." "it causes us to pine, makes us suffer.." "Oh memories..! that's all we are left with" "Oh memories..! that's all we are left with" "Your memories.." "Your memories.." "memories, memories.. they're all I am left with" "memories, memories.. they're all I am left with" "memories, memories.. they're all I am left with" "memories, memories.. they're all I am left with" You look so beautiful.. You look so beautiful.. Just like your sister. I wonder why God always takes away nice people so soon I am so sorry, Anjali. It's okay. But tell me.. ..am I really looking just like my sis? Of course. As beautiful as her and as goodhearted. No wonder you took such a great step! But how sad..! Isn't it, Manju? I'm told he hasn't been able to get over his first wife yet? True, Anju. Despite Anjali doing her best to adapt to things like her sister Right. And look at the age difference. She's so young! C'mon, Anju! Aditya isn't old yet Actually, it's just the right age. I think we must all forget about our own husbands.. and have an extra-marital affair with her husband You're so naughty. Look at this one getting scandalised! - Of course, darling We are, after all, the ideal "Indian women" We aren't half Indian, half western.. to already start looking bored, although lovely and beautiful.. in just three years of marriage Then what about the rest of her life? If she's so bored in just three years.. how's she going to spend an entire lifetime? I.. may I serve dinner? - Yes.. do that Is the salt okay? Yes.. it's okay Will you eat just this much? Let me serve you more.. No.. I'll take it on my own Have Pooja and Gauri gone to sleep? - Yes They go to sleep at nine. They've got to wake up early.. for school Gauri was saying, "Papa arrives after we've gone to sleep.." "and leaves even before we have woken" Dad and Mom called from Canada today. - I see They asked me how you are "How" the two of us are So what did you say? I said we're all right They wanted to know when we're visiting them What did you say then? I said I'd ask you and tell them Right. I'll give it a try I have so much to do, but I'll try to find time What have you done to yourself? Why..? What do you think of it? Nice. You were nice even earlier. You're also nice now, as you are My heart is beating. Keeps on repeating. I am waiting for you. Sis.. Hello. I'm sorry.. if I have disturbed you No, not at all. Go on Well.. I was just wondering.. if you were having dinner at home tonight? Yes. I ate dinner at home last night also Yes.. so when will you be back? Soon.. anything else? There's something more It's Teachers' Day at Pooja's nursery today There's this diamond set of sis'.. I wondered if I could wear it and go there..? Of course. It's all yours. Is there anything else? No.. that's all. That's just it Ok. "It's all yours" "It's all yours" "How am I ever going to tell him how much I love him?" "How am I ever going to tell him how much I love him?" "My eyes wait for him.." "at heart, I pine" "Our union will surely happen.." "I have the faith" "Our union will surely happen.." "I have the faith" "I wait to see him.. at heart, I pine" "How am I ever going to tell him.. "When he comes.." "I'm going to take him in my arms" "When he comes.." "I'm going to take him in my arms" "I'll do as he says.." "I will not act difficult" "I'm in a daze.." "what intoxication is this?" "I'm in a daze.." "what intoxication is this?" "My eyes wait to see him.. at heart, I pine" "How am I ever going to tell him.. "I shall forever be the Queen of his house" "I shall forever be the Queen of his house" "I'll give him every happiness and bear all his sorrow" "I've given him my heart.." "for him, I'd lay down my life" "I've given him my heart.." "for him, I'd lay down my life" "My eyes wait to see him.. at heart, I pine" "How will I tell him how much I love him?" "My eyes to wait to see him.. at heart, I pine" "Our union is surely happening, I have faith" "My eyes to wait to see him.. at heart, I pine" Ram, give me the keys. I'm driving the car today But the master will be angry, madam. No. He won't say anything today Welcome, sir. Welcome, Mr. Sahni, please sit down. - No thanks.. Mo question of sitting, Inspector I'll pay whatever losses have been caused It isn't about losses, sir. Someone was about to lose his life I know. Such negligence will never take place again I'm glad the accident took place in my area.. else, your wife would have had to spend the night in the lock-up I am sorry. I am really sorry. I don't know how it happened But I'll never make such a mistake again Being sorry doesn't help. Anyway, you're not driving again Wherever you go, you will take the driver Is that clear? But I said I'm sorry. And it didn't happen deliberately I promise you, it'll never happen again And sis kept driving around for years.. and nothing ever happened Why do you always compare yourself with your sister? Why you keep comparing with her? Why must you always equate yourself with her? Why do you keep kidding yourself that by changing your looks.. your appearance and your behaviour, you will become another Aarti? Remain what you are. Don't ever try to become Aarti.. because you can never be Aarti You don't have to tell me that I can never be Aarti Everything you have done in the last 3 years, everything.. but never ever told me.. ..has been screaming at me.. ..and telling me that I can never replace Aarti Yes, I can never equate myself with Aarti But in one respect, I can surely step into her shoes.. something you have perhaps forgotten She was lonely.. ..as I am lonely today You didn't have time for her. And you don't have time for me She led her life, always waiting for you And I'm leading my life, too, waiting for you She eventually died, waiting for you.. as I will die one day, waiting for you And like you started realising her worth only after she was dead.. you will perhaps realise my worth after I'm gone Because you do not care for those who live "She lead her life, always waiting for you" "And I'm leading my life, too, waiting for you" "She eventually died, waiting for you.." "as I will die one day, waiting for you" "And like you started realising her worth only after she was dead.." "you will perhaps realise my worth after I'm gone" Anjali hasn't arrived with my luggage yet Actually, we're early sir. You're always so punctual She's angry with me. And rightly too It's my mistake, Harwinder. I never really cared for her But I'm going to make up for the lost time. It's never really too late, is it? - No, sir. When I return from Germany this time.. ..everything else will take a back seat My wife, my kids.. my family will take priority They are going to be my priority. I'll take my family on a long vacation, as soon as I return You organize everything. - Right, sir. And keep everything readt. I'll give my wife this surprise as soon as I return There she is. Hello, ma'am. Let me check in. Sir, your bag. Well.. I have to make a sudden trip to Germany I couldn't come home, because there was very little time So I asked you to pack my bags and bring them to the airport I think I've to rush. Okay. Bye. I'll try and return soon Take care. There he is. Hello, Indian Raja. - Hi. I'm Ravi Sarin and this is Vini Bharti. we're the organisers of your show in Delhi There's a lot of excitement in Delhi over your show of fusion music All tickets sold in advance. We've booked a hotel for your own accommodation and your troupe's.. as well as for your rehearsals. Is that okay with you? Is that fine with you? - That's fine. Thank you. - Would you like to go to the venue or.. You can always call me on my cellphone.. ..if there's anything you need I assure you Indian Raja. Everything will go extremely well. Anjali.. hiding from me? Why're you hiding? What wrong have you done that you can't look me in the eye? Well, at least you now meet my gaze Whom have you come to see off? I see.. you came to see off the one you left me for Wait.. I want to meet you You will meet me, won't you? You will give your old friend a chance, I hope? I wish to forget you once.. forever As you had forgotten me You'll give me the chance, won't you? I'll wait for you You'll come, I hope? You must have very little time for me, isn't it? You expect me to say what I have to as quickly as I can.. so you can show me your back and go back to your love-filled life What right did you have to simply walk out of my life.. without as much as meeting me or giving me an explanation? Now don't tell me you don't have words.. ..to explain what you did was right Even if the world says what you did was right.. even if you claim what you did was right.. was it necessary for you to severe relations with me.. to preserve the ones you had? Whatever anyone has to say, at heart I'll always believe.. that you are unfaithful Yes. I am unfaithful You are right, I am unfaithful But do you know whom I have been most unfaithful to? To my own self What disloyalty have I shown to you.. ..compared to the one I showed myself? In a life full of illusions, loneliness and hollowness.. I have been faithful to everyone else.. I gave happiness to everyone.. as for my own happiness.. I had it snatched away Things aren't as you imagine them to be You can't cast stones at me I'm like the crumbling wall.. ..that is itself looking for support How am I going to lead my life? I have done a great wrong to you. Please forgive me Forgive me.. Forgive me.. "Love can never be hidden, however hard you try" "I've been your lover for eons" "Love can never be hidden, however hard you try" "Love can never be hidden, however hard you try" "I've been your lover for aeons" "I've been your lover for aeons" "I've been your lover for aeons" "Do not stop me from getting closer.." "Do not stop me from getting closer.." "I've been your lover for ages" "I've been your lover for ages" "I've been your lover for ages" "Love can never be hidden. however hard you try" "Don't ever leave me again.." "don't ever leave me heartbroken" "Don't ever leave me again.." "don't ever leave me heartbroken" "You have come after much placating.." "do not ever make excuses to go missing again" "Life ebbs out of me, when you begin to leave.." "Life ebbs out of me, when you begin to leave.." "I've been your love for ages" "I've been your love for ages" "Love can never be hidden, however hard you try" "My love.. O my love.." "My love.. O my love.." "my love, you do not know.." "you are the one my eyes seek everywhere" "my love, you do not know.." "you are the one my eyes seek everywhere" "I live and die, for I see you.." "I think of you every moment" "I can never forget you, however hard I try" "I can never forget you, however hard I try" "For I've been your love over the ages" "For I've been your love over the ages" "Love can never be hidden, however hard you try" "I've been your lover for aeons" "Do not stop me from coming closer.." "I've been your lover over the ages" "I've been your lover over the ages" "Love can never be hidden, however hard you try" "Love can never be hidden, however hard you try" Stop it. You'll are too much. You guys keep poking fun at someone or the other Anjali.. where have you been? I've been looking for you I kept trying your cell-phone all morning I wanted you to receive me at the airport But you weren't taking any calls. Had you switched off your cell? Well, yes.. How have you been? Look who's here to meet you You're meeting them for the first time I myself ran into them after 3 years This is my closest friend, Dil. (Dil: heart).. Dil Arora Hi, sis-in-law. I'm Dil.. Dil Arora.. here in the city of Delhi, where the large-hearted dwell But I'm not going to call you bhabhi (sister-in-law) What should I call you? Babs. Funny guy. He's a joker. And that's Dil's wife. Pallavi Oh, come on, Adi. Pallavi's such a serious and boring name! Call me Pallu A few of my male friends call me Pallu anyway Naughty girl. I'll spank on your bottom. But I prefer Pallavi. Pallavi and Dil often keep visiting Delhi from Jamshedpur Jamshedpur! It's going to make her think we're farmers. Right, babs? That hurts. Oh no, not at all. Dil Arora's name figures in Forbes' list.. ..of the thousand richest Indians But 999 Indians are still richer than I am That includes your husband Aditya Sahni So what am I doing in your lap, darling? I ought to be in Aditya's lap Bad girl! I'm going to bite you! She's dirty. - Society. This friend of mine from Jamshedpur is getting worse by the day! Babs is getting scandalized, darling. I'm feeling so shy.. - Really? Who could've named her Anjali then? She ought to have been called Bharti (Indian). Anjali, don't take their humour seriously Believe me, their jokes are the life of every party Enough of keeping yourself and your wife lonely, Adi.. Come on, get up. Let's party. Else, Dil Arora will always remain a notch under Aditya Sahni Now tell me, Adi. How did you outdo me and bag the Hanten and Toubro contract? C'mon now.. tell me the secret. - It's no secret, Dil It's my strongest belief. The shortest distance between two points is a straight line. Hard work always bears fruit No wonder you are my friend, philosopher and guide, Adi For a friend, I could lay down my life If I give away my heart to someone, I give it away for good! Excuse me, darlings. Discuss those boring things, while I freshen up? Anjali, where's the wash room? Come on, show me the world. Oh yes, go and come back hot! Why do women always keep going to the wash-room? Can you tell me why? - Pallavi just told you! She's gone to freshen up. - Freshen up more..? How much more? We're already trapped. How much more are they going to trap us? Hello, Mrs. Shani - Hi! Hello. - Hi. Hello. What happened? By the time I got home yesterday.. Aditya had already arrived What are we going to do now? Simple. Leave everything and come to me Are you mad? Think before you talk.. - I've thought it over I don't want you to face any more tension Come here. We'll get together and find a solution I can't come right now. I'm calling from the nursery I'll drop the kids home and try and find an excuse I will contact you I'll be waiting for you Sure. I'll be there You..? - Yes As usual, right behind you Whom did you say, "I'll be there" to? Jappi. - Jappi..? Your hairstylist. Yeah. Surprised to see me here? But if.. Have you noticed? I'm a changed man The one who had left for Germany was another man.. the one who has returned, is someone else Keeping that in mind, a father and a husband.. has come to give his wife and daughters a surprise And sweetheart, the surprises don't end here I've got a huge surprise for you. Guess what? What? - Papa.. Papa.. Gauri and Pooja! Shocked to see Papa here? I've shocked your Mummy too! And now time for surprises. Papa's now going to deliver the big surprise! I've told my secretary that we're going away for 2 and a half months On vacation! Holiday on a world tour. Around the world in 80 days. Happy? And now let's all of us have some lunch. There's going to be a lot of traffic today.. ..because it's the Republic Day That's why I'm taking a train I'll meet you at the Shahdra Station. Nobody will recognise us there "India - the best in the world" "We're its blossoms.." "India - the best in the world" "India - the best in the world" "We're its blossoms.." "India - the best in the world" "We're its blossoms.." "India - the best in the world" "We're its blossoms.." You..? Yes, me. Always right behind you I don't believe it. People say the husband and wife.. ..start resembling each other after a few years But that they even start thinking alike.. I had no idea I'm in this metro-rail of Delhi, so are you.. I just don't believe it. Actually.. - Yes, I know, I know We've all been listening to the great strides India is taking.. and the metro-rail is something we've all been talking about You decided to check it out, right? So did I! Even I decided to check it out. "India - the best in the world" "We're its blossoms.." "We're its blossoms.." "and this is our rosegarden" "India - the best in the world" Adi. Adi. I say! What the hell are you doing here..? What are you the two of you doing here on the sly? Celebrating Independence. What else? - Like us..? I told the wife, let me give you a ride on the metro-rail! You too..? - Great stuff from the Indian government! We're no longer lagging behind any nation in the world What say, babs..? We're going places! When I sat in the metro in London.. I thought we couldn't dream of having it in India But here in Delhi, what a surprise..! Aditya. Forget about the train, they've made such a beautiful station too Oh yes! You've hit the nail on the head. Beautiful station too The train is like the husband; the station is like the wife Hey! What am I seeing..? What on earth am I seeing? "I see the gentleman hiding.." "I see signs of the devastation that is about .. ..to be unleashed on my heart!" Hey, Adi.. My.. my favourite musician. Fusion master. East meets west. West meets eats. In Raja's voice. Sir! I've kept hearing and hearing your songs over and over again! I can't believe it! Here you are at the Shahdra Station.. right in front of my eyes! When did you come to India? You have a show here, right? - Yes I knew it. I knew it, sir. I'm your biggest fan! Dil Arora! I hope I'm not dreaming. Can I touch you, sir..? Hey! Here in flesh and blood! - What happened? Sir, please. This is Aditya Sahni, my best friend and a big shot of Delhi Take it easy, Dil. Take it easy. - Can't stop my voice, buddy! Raja, let me introduce you to the rest of them This is my lovely sister-in-law. Anjali Sahni. His wife And this is my wife. Sexy sexy.. so loving! How about having lunch with us? Let's go, if you're free? Maybe another day. Not right now But it's nice meeting you folks So you're making excuses, I see! Never mind, never mind.. I'll catch hold of you another day! No problem! What are you doing at Shahdra Station? - I'm waiting for someone I'm expecting someone.. - Who? C'mon! Why're you bothering him? Let's go.. Oh no.. - C'mon! C'mon! What a singer! What a fantastic singer.. Sorry, my friend is a bit of a nut. But it was nice meeting you Same here. - See you soon. This is unbelievable, Adi! Let me sing a song for you.. "the train hurtles ahead.. reminding me of my love" "the train hurtles ahead.. reminding me of my love" What are you thinking about? Why're you upset? I'll tell you a way out. Say you can't go on the world tour.. ..because the kids' studies will suffer Yes.. that would be the correct thing to do But how long are we going to continue like this? Until you take a decision I'm telling you even now; leave everything and come to me No.. we must wait for sometime I have no right to ruin other people's lives in a moment.. so as to make my own future I'll go to the office right now and get Aditya to agree to stay back And please leave. It's not right for us to stay here for very long Someone might see us Honey, honey, oh yeah. Hey, Raja. What a surprise. I can't believe we could meet so soon! Don't you recognise me..? But I don't mind! Don't tell me. You must be meeting so many people! Hello! Pallavi Arora.. the metro station? Oh yeah, right. My husband kicked up such a fuss! Any girl would be excited to see you.. she'd go mad, crazy.. but what are you doing here? Well, simply.. - Simply? I'm around "simply" too You know, shopping.. as usual. I'm so sorry, you're in a hurry and I'm stopping you What a pile-on I am. See you again, okay? - Okay You will be in Delhi for sometime, won't you? See you again then? Okay, bye. "Life.. is just happenstance" "So it was yesterday." Hey! What are you doing here? Obviously, sipping coffee. Right? I believe the coffee here is excellent But why're you all alone? Why're you getting so uncomfortable, Anjali? What happened? How much coffee do you drink, Anjali? From two cups, that is? Excuse me, Anjali. I must leave. - Sure.. go on. By all means I won't reveal your secret to anyone What? That you drink coffee from two cups! Good afternoon, ma'am. Hello, ma'am. What are you doing here in the office, Anjali? Come and sit down Looks like it's a day of surprises. Dil came first and now you.. and you're the one he was talking about.. well, what'll you have? What's this formality between man and wife..? "What'll you have!" The speciality of this office is coffee Yummy! I'm sure Babs is going to love the coffee Babs, have some coffee. No, thanks. Take his advise, Anjali When he first says something to me, I never believe it But in time I discover, whatever he says always turns out to be true I've been telling Aditya for the last one hour.. and he just won't understand! He says it's impossible.. and I said, "Why's it impossible? Let's ask babs herself.." and before we start looking for you.. ..you walk right in through the door! Now tell me, is there anyone else you're seeing apart from Aditya? I know! I know you're seeing no one! You must either be shopping or sipping coffee. Lonely, all alone! And now that Dil is here all the way from Jamshedpur.. and is still lonely and all alone, what good is that? How can you leave before you get to know me or understand me? Please don't go, babs.. - I don't understand The world tour, babs! Aditya told me you folks are leaving on a world tour The farce hasn't even begun and you're already quitting..? He's beating around the bush to tell us to postpone our world tour.. so as to attend his party. - You must listen to Dil.. and attend Dil's party.. Please! Please! Please, babs! Babs! Say yes! Please! Please,Say yes! Please! Please, babs! Since he's being so insistent, let's stay back till the party But I've put all my work on hold to make time for the vacation It's going to be difficult later. - That's for you to manage The children's studies are also going to suffer.. ..we can always go later Right. You're the boss. We'll do as you say Come on, girls. Come on. Now tell me how I'm looking? - Oh lovely What about my hair. Oh my God! That's the Pop star! Excuse me. Raja.. ? Indian Raja? - Yes Oh my, God. You're so hot. We love you. Love your music. When did you come to Delhi? And what brings you here? Look who is here. Raja, the great fusion singer. Raja, three beauties. Oh, I am sorry. Society queens. Mrs. Anju. - Hi. Mrs. Manju. And Mrs. Sanju. Come, let me introduce you to the others. C'mon.. Dil, why didn't you tell us he was coming to the party? Yes, why not? - What's all the secrecy for? I didn't want you girls to get all hot! Hot. Hot debouched. You've come to my party despite the short notice It was actually my wife's brainwave. She said "Darling Dil.." "our party's going to be attended by millionaires and billionaires.." "we have all types of businessmen, but we don't have an artist.." that's you.. and here you are! How sensitive of you. And I promise you, I'm not going to disappoint you I'll introduce to such people, show you such beautiful faces.. your senses are bound to be numbed. Am I right? Yes. Anjali.. ..isn't he the musician we met at the metro station the other day? I must meet him. Meet Lala, that's his wife Lali, Suresh Bajaj, wife Maninder.. Elder brother Golu. And good old Anju, Manju, Sanju. - Hi. And my best friend, Aditya Sahani. - Hello. Nice to see you again. What's just nice, buddy? It's wonderful, man! Wonderful! I told Raja no one must know he's coming to the party! Surprise. Isn't it amazing..? - Indeed. It is amazing It was at the metro station first, then the restaurant.. and now at our party Some people always seem to be crossing each other's paths Aditya, where's your wife? - Where's Anjali? Where's Mrs. Sahani. She's with my wife. By the way, who are you girls with nowadays? What sort of a question is that? I mean, where are your husbands? China. Not in Bangkok, I hope..? Having a hot, hot massage! They must be visiting India sometimes? What sort of a sick joke is that? I told you, this is one party we mustn't go to! Manju. - Anju - Sanju. Why're you teasing them, Dil? - Stop scolding me, feller.. they're a bunch of shameless women They'll be here at the next party for sure I wasn't teasing them really. I was breathing life into my party! There'll be some scandals, a few hearts will be broken.. only then will it be fun! Why're you getting so tense, Anjali? There's a thin line dividing "P" and "M" "Piya" (beloved), Miyan (husband). Miyan and Piya.. The husband and the lover. What are you trying to say? That which you're trying to hide Sipping coffee from two cups, you can sure fool your husband.. but do you take me for an imbecile too? I could create a scene! Scared, are you..? All right, I won't talk about it I won't tell anyone But there is someone who knows everything Who? It isn't your husband.. it's mine Dil. "Says the pigeon.. - What?" "there's something fishy" "Oh." "It flies, carrying word to everyone" "Says the pigeon there's something fishy" "Says the pigeon there's something fishy" "It flies, carrying word to everyone" "Love is an amazing test.." "Love is an amazing test.." "some pass it, some fail" "Says the pigeon there's something fishy" "It flies, carrying word to everyone" "Love is an amazing test.." "some pass it, some fail" "Husband, lover.." "Husband, lover.." "I'm so confused, darling" "Society's all about confusions of relationships, darling" "That's society. High society." "Mind the end of your sari.. it's about to slip" "And I'm crazy.. it'll send my heart pounding" "The end of my sari, I must mind. It could surely slip.." "the crazy hearts would surely skip a beat" "Take a look, my love, where's your mind wandering?" "Watch your step; there are pitfalls all the way" "Every face is masked.." "Every face is masked.." "they all have their clandestine affairs" "Says the pigeon there's something fishy" "It flies, carrying word to everyone" "They look at something and aim for something else.." "why do these lovers take the world for madcaps?" "Time will tell, my bird.. - Really?" "who's the madcap and who's going to regret it all" "One's gain, another's loss" "The killer gaze has felled many" "One's gain, another's loss" "The killer gaze has felled many" "Oh these deadly nights.. they set my passions on fire" "let's seal our lips. It's a secret after all" "It's a cruel world. They fear disgrace.." "It's a cruel world. They fear disgrace.." "how they suppress their feelings to put up with people!" "Says the pigeon.." "there's something fishy" "Says the pigeon.." "there's something fishy" "It flies, spreading the word" "Love is an amazing test.." "Love is an amazing test.." "some pass it, some fail" You guys are the limit! Don't cry And be afraid of no one Neither have you committed a sin, nor have I Don't take Dil and Pallavi's ribbing so seriously If they've got to know what's brewing between us, it's okay But what if they tell Aditya..? - What will happen? That will be good for us. Not at all I'm not prepared yet to tell Aditya about it You were never prepared. You always chose the least difficult path I'll have to take all the decisions now Look at me My show's being staged in two days And that's the night I plan to leave India But not alone. I want to leave with you Make sure you're ready It means, God is the Eternal Truth. Be honest in whatever you do That is the path to inner peace Now repeat after me.. Very good. Mama. Papa. - Anjali. Anjali, how are you, my child? - When did you come..? You didn't even inform us you'd be coming Mom and Papa decided to give us a pleasant surprise They're visiting the Golden Temple in Amritsar.. and will be staying over in Delhi for a day The Golden Temple? Your Papa had sworn a thanksgiving.. that when everything had settled down in the family.. he'd pay a visit to the Golden Temple to pay obeisance's to Guru Nanak And thanks to Nanak, not only is everything okay.. It's just wonderful! Madam, the children still haven't had their milk May I give it to them? Pooja, Gauri.. go and drink your milk No, Mama. We want to be with grandma and grandpa Sweet. - Please. Children, listen to Mama and go and finish your milk I'll give you both a chocolate later Come on, Pooja, Gauri. Go up to your room, have your milk. Come on children. Praise the Lord! God has indeed been very kind to us The crisis we were laden with has at last been resolved Anjali, you've looked after this house so well What we asked you for was no petty thing, my child But you did us all such a huge favour, without any regret whatsoever Aditya was telling us how well you have.. taken care of him, the children and the whole house I am so proud of you, Anjali. You have indeed done commendably well.. ..with the values we imparted to you Parents rarely see how far their children can go.. but some children defy all boundaries and go far beyond them.. and set an example, far outdoing the expectations of their parents.. bringing them so much of glory. As you have set an example now I will pray to God that this family of yours, your house.. may forever be happy May no evil eye ever effect you, may you never face any hardship That's your air-ticket and your companion's too. Both confirmed? At what time will the show begin? - 15 minutes to go for your entry I think you better change. - Yeah, I think you're right. I've only got to wear my costume Excuse me, can I come in please. Yes, of course. Please do come in. Let me get ready then. - Okay. You've got your tickets Vini, Please look after the chief guest. I guessed right. I was thinking right. After your show is over tonight you will go away And I wonder where I'll look for you. - That's hardly how it is Actually there's no point in staying on once my work is over And my work will be over tonight. - Except for one Which one..? - Shake hands What..? - Shake hands, I say.. Don't worry, you won't regret. That's it. I wonder why I always get positive vibes.. ..whenever I shake hands with you That's good. Now please congratulate me. - What for? Come on, congratulate me. It isn't just another beautiful night of your performance.. it's also the wedding anniversary for Anjali and me It's our wedding anniversary. It's three years since we got married You must've noticed there's an age. There's an age gap between Anjali and me Actually, it wasn't even a properly arranged marriage You must've heard how Anjali got married to me, as a commitment.. and made a supreme sacrifice for my family As days are going by, I'm beginning to.. feel more and more love for her Yes, I've heard. She made a very big sacrifice Sorry, I just got talking about my wife.. I had actually come backstage to wish you all the best I am sure you're going to have a beautiful performance. Good luck. - Thank you. Let me see you to the door.. - No, no, please! Your fans are going to mob you out there I'll find my way Good luck my friend. You, Anjali..? Aditya was here moments ago. He didn't see you, did he? He was saying a lot of strange things to me He didn't seem to be saying what he had on his mind I don't know what was wrong with him? He hasn't got to know, has he? Even if he's got to know, we care a damn! Big deal! Look, even if it comes out in the open.. tell him straightaway that you're going to spend your life with Raja I've even got two tickets to Montreal.. we'll go back to our world. We'll forget about everything Including our values? What do you mean? I'm talking about the values I have imbibed from my parents When I reached home the other day, I met Mama and Papa there They were going to the Golden Temple.. to pray for a happy married life for me Seeing me at home was a dream come true for them I was Anjali, and yet they looked at me as if I were Aarti But I'm not Aarti.. ..I'm Anjali And I couldn't look them in the eye Those who cannot look their parents in the eye.. are surely doing something wrong So I won't be able to do it, Raja. I'm not going Wonderful! Whenever my life is about to settle down.. you are reminded of your duties towards the world Raja is heart-broken. His house is blown asunder.. he stands isolated Because you always kept him out of your life Aarti only had to die.. for you to go about making people's lives Couldn't you spot me anywhere? Once earlier, you had walked out of my life And now, you're walking out again Do not ruin me anymore Whatever you say, I'm not changing the path I have chosen And Raja has decided his path too I'm taking you away Either you come of your own volition, or I'll have to create a scene Don't force me, please It would be better if we end this here and now Even creating a scene will end it once and for all I'm leaving In that case, I too will ruin your happy family before I leave I leave that to you, Raja Whether you call me loyal for the decision I've taken.. or even unfaithful "Do not view the thorns with such contempt.." "they're useful too" "Have not love for roses alone" "The one I've lost my heart to.." "The one I've lost my heart to.." "is an unfaithful woman, she is faithless" "My love for you is indeed a curse.." "My love for you is indeed a curse.." "for you are unfaithful, you are faithless" "The one I've lost my heart to.." "The one I've lost my heart to.." "for you are unfaithful, you are faithless" "A glass wrecked.." "causes a shrill noise" "The cries of a broken heart.." "no one listens to" "I'm crazy, mad, obsessed.." "in her memories, I live. In my love for her, I die" "The state of my heart, she will never realise.." "a million times I reason with her.. ..but she's still not going to listen" "How wicked are her charms.." "How wicked are her charms.." "she's treacherous, a betrayer" "The one I've lost my heart to.." "The one I've lost my heart to.." "is an unfaithful woman, she is faithless" "May she never sleep.." "may she awake all nights" "For someone's love.." "may she pine forever" "She has tormented me, I will torment her too" "In this gathering today, I'm going to disgrace her" "There's a fire on my breath, a restlessness in my heart.." "she sits with her head bowed, in another man's arms" "The one whose charms I'm drunk on.." "is a betrayer, a faithless one" "The one I've lost my heart to.." "is an unfaithful woman, she is faithless" "Oh, what a curse love has been.." "Oh, what a curse love has been.." "you are disloyal, you are unfaithful" "The one I've lost my heart to.." "The one I've lost my heart to.." "is an unfaithful woman, she is faithless" "The one I've lost my heart to.." "is an unfaithful woman, she is faithless" "The one I've lost my heart to.." "is an unfaithful woman, she is faithless" What..? Raja.. what the hell are you doing?! No. No. Stop it, I say! You don't know what they were upto! They were.. I know everything I've known everything right from the beginning I'm the one who told them If you have any questions, you can ask me You couldn't forget your first love, even after our marriage You were justified too. You just weren't mature enough But I should've been wiser, and yet I made a mistake And by the time I could realise it, things had totally changed It was too late by the time I saw the writing on the wall You had already walked out.. ..of my life I then started thinking how I could bring you back Had I even reasoned with you then.. maybe you wouldn't have been able to understand I wondered how I could bring you back to my house, to my family.. and it was there that my friends came to my help They're not enemies; they, in fact, have shared my secret Sister-in-law.. ..I won't call you "babs" today For whatever mistakes we might have made.. please forgive us We had no other way of saving your family Anjali.. ..there is no need for you to feel ashamed You have done no wrong. Nor have I ever considered you guilty If I have done whatever I did it was only to make you aware.. as to the path you wanted to choose for yourself Even when you married me.. you might perhaps have taken a wrong step, in a fit of emotions But today, you can think only about yourself You can think with a calm mind and decide for yourself I will accept it. You need not worry about me As for the children.. they'll start understanding too I will stand by you in any decision you take What are you thinking about? What is there to think about anymore? We were either wrong to have met secretly, or we were right Must we think about all that at this stage? Now that everybody has got to know the truth.. I have no hesitation in saying that I love you very dearly And I've loved you since the days they weren't even part of your life It's just our misfortune that.. ..your sister is no longer with us She wanted us both to get married too.. but our destiny let us down And now that destiny has given us another chance.. must you still keep thinking? Do you want to know what I'm thinking about I think.. ..a wife can be unfaithful.. a girl, a lover, can also be unfaithful But a mother can never be unfaithful A mother can never be unfaithful with her children So how can I abandon these children.. ..whose mother has already left them? How may I snatch their mother from them all over again..? And the truth is that.. ..they were never Aarti's children.. they were always Anjali's children. My children Mama.. Mama.. Mama.. Mama.. Mama.. Mama.. Where had you gone away, Mama? - Where, Mama? Nowhere, my children.. ..I'd never leave my children and go anywhere I will never leave you and go away. Never ever.. okay? I love you. Papa, why's Mama crying? - Why's she in tears? It's because she loves you very much Raja.. ..are you going away? Yes. Yes. Going away from here would be the path for me The path Anjali had chosen earlier, was the right one And the path she has chosen today, is the right one too Raja.. we gave you a lot of trouble, didn't we? Please forgive us, my friend. We aren't so bad after all You are the best friends one can hope to have With friends like you, destiny would never let anyone down "Difficult is the path of love.." "it's only after you're trudged far and wide that you find your goal" "Difficult is the path of love.." "it's only after you're trudged far and wide that you find your goal" "Heed your heart, keep loving.." "lead your life as your heart asks you to" "I know, Love is God.." "I know, Love is God.." "it's different from everything else" "The one I've lost my heart to.." "The one I've lost my heart to.." "is different from everyone else" Where are the children? They've already checked in with Pallavi They were quite a handful They're really excited about this world tour. And that gives us husband and wife some moments of privacy We have also decided that.. ..when we return this time, we'll be a threesome I've told Pallavi to learn how to handle kids, bring them up Enough of fun and teasing, I say. Let's start a family now! Right? Raja, why're you staring at me like that? Forgive me, I say! In any case, I'm like a fly in your presence.. a swat and it'll be good-bye! Adieu! We must leave now, Raja We've to check-in for our flight. It's famous at the Delhi airport anyway.. that Aditya Sahni always turns up at the last call I want to check-in on time today and give everyone a shock Shall we, Dil..? - Sure Hi. - Hello. You've a companion ticket sir. Your companion? - No. No companion. On the contrary, I want cancel my companion ticket. Can you do that for me, please. - Sure. Is this the immigration form? - Yes. - Thank you. Everyone falls in love. So did I You folks must've fallen in love, too It's said that man can never forget his first love But it's quite an outdated thing. We must quietly accept whatever God decides for us Because we should not argue with him. Because God knows best.. and He's not our enemy, He's our friend He will surely find you someone who will love you beyond all limits She will come, she surely will. For you, for me.. I am waiting for her. So best of luck to all of you.. And please wish me all the best. Your ticket, sir. And boarding pass. - Right on time. Right on time. - Have a nice flight. - Thank you. Do you want subtitles for any video? -=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-