(inspiring music) (mysterious music) (upbeat music) ♪ Country fans, country proud (upbeat music) ♪ Raise my glass ♪ Say a toast ♪ To the fans I love the most ♪ Drink it up ♪ Sing it out ♪ Let me hear you country land You got me good. ♪ Country fans, country proud (audience cheering) Thank you, Atlanta, I love you. (audience cheering) - [Larry] Nice job, mate. Wait here, wait a minute. - [Crowd] Noah! Noah! Noah! - Bring it on back, bring it on back! - [Crowd] Noah! Noah! Noah! (upbeat country music) ♪ I'm not the kind of guy to settle down ♪ ♪ Stop and put my roots down ♪ Baby, I'm a runaway ♪ Got no undercover ♪ I'm a rolling like a rolling stone ♪ ♪ Never felt the people stay ♪ Then darling, you walked into the room ♪ ♪ Stopped me in my tracks ♪ And just like that ♪ I was dreaming 'bout us ♪ Lovely marriage ♪ Put a little baby in a baby carriage ♪ ♪ Putting our name on an old mailbox ♪ ♪ Found a big life right near your parents ♪ ♪ I know it sounds weird ♪ Know it sounds strange ♪ Girl you got me thinking I'mma buy you a ring ♪ ♪ No place on Earth I'd rather be ♪ ♪ Than with you, baby ♪ You're my whole world How y'all doing? Thanks for coming out tonight. How was the show? You like it, you had a good time? Good. Oh wait, hey, hey, hey, hey, back up, back up, back up. Hey, how you doing? Olivia, that's such a pretty name. - Thank you. - Could we take a picture, a little selfie there? All right, get in here. How big can you smile? Yeah, there you go. Hey, that's pretty, thank you so much. Hey, thanks for coming out, man, I appreciate it. I appreciate it. Hey, everybody get in here, let's get one big photo. Come on, hey, give him your phone. All right, everybody say Noah Bryan on three. One, two, three. - [Group] Noah Bryan! - Woo! - [Larry] All right. - That was amazing. - How you feeling? - Good, I'm feeling good. - That was the best one yet, Noah. - Oh, yeah. - Keep it up, people are noticing, man. - They love me. They love me. - Now you back that up a little bit. Let's not get the cart before the horse here, right? - Have a beer. - What you supposed to mean by that, Larry? What's that mean? - Well, it means you gotta stay humble. - I'm humble, man, come on. - Don't forget, pride always comes before the fall. I've seen it before, know what I'm talking about, alight? - You ain't getting religious on me, are you Larry? - Just talking the truth, kid. - Oh, I think we should celebrate. - Now I think you need to slow that down. We got a whole lot more touring to go. - You can suit yourself. - Just looking out for you. - I got this, man. (gentle music) - I need to get some gas, boss. - Can you grab me something to drink in there, please? Thank you. - Non-alcoholic. How you doing, kid? - What's that? - Doing all right, you feeling good? - Yeah, yeah I feel real good, yeah, thank you. - How are your parents doing? - My parents? Uh, they're good as far as I know, still working the farm. I'd love to be able to hire 'em a couple hands if I could, you know? - Now that's a good son right there. - Yeah, well according to my daddy, a good son would have stayed on the farm to help out. - You got a gift kid, truly. A whole lot of people would give anything to be able to sing and play the way you do, God-given. - I wish you'd tell my daddy that. (gentle music) - Lord, we thank you for this day. Thanks for blessing our food. In Jesus' name, Amen. - Amen. Just listen to one of his songs. It'd mean the world to him and to me. - I'm not gonna change my mind. - God knows he's just like you. (gentle music) ♪ 40 days and 40 nights ♪ Haven't heard from you in awhile ♪ ♪ These tears won't let up, they just rain down ♪ ♪ All these feelings, like a flood ♪ ♪ Are up against me, rising up - You need to read this, Noah James Bryan. - Come on, Larry, this ain't the first time someone's claimed I was their baby daddy. - It's the first time a lawyer has said it and they want you to take a paternity test. ♪ The only thing that's called ♪ Girl, you ain't calling me ♪ When it rains I pour me another shot of us ♪ - I don't even know Charlene Meyers, man. Look at this, JJ short for Jeremiah James, that's my daddy's name, okay? They could have been a little less obvious than that. That's a fake, brother. ♪ Drowning my pain down memory lane ♪ ♪ Every sip hangs on a bitter taste ♪ ♪ I'm missing your lips ♪ This out of body - Look man, I know it's a lot to take in but if the child is yours, with the mother having passed away, you're the legal guardian. ♪ When it rains, I pour (audience applauding) Thank you. Love you, Biloxi. - Great job, guys. We take off 07:00 tomorrow. - Good job, man. - Hey, come here Noah, I wanna talk to you. - What? - Have a seat. - What? - Look, I spoke to the attorney today. He wants you to take a paternity test right away. If the kid's not yours, you can move on. - It's not. - Well but if it is, you need to deal with it, man. - I'm not doing it. - [Larry] What do you mean you're not doing it? - I'm not doing it. - [Larry] You need to take care of this before it gets any bigger. - I didn't see your name on the pap- - Shh. Quiet down, we don't have to let the whole room know about this right now. - It's not mine. - Noah, a man can only run from himself for so long. - What does that even mean? - It means no matter where you go, there you are. - Well, that sounds like another country song. I think I'll write it. - Paternity test. - Ain't doing it. - [Larry] That wasn't so bad. - That's easy for you to say, that lady just about tickled my tonsils with that swab. - Hey, we leave in an hour, man. - Going to Little Rock? - Little Rock. - Alright. - You okay? - Yeah, I'm all right. - Look, Noah, I know that your relationship with your father isn't the best right now, and you may even be afraid to be a dad, it's a huge responsibility, but worth every minute. (gentle music) - I do remember her. - What's that? - Charlie, JJ's mom. She was different than the rest, you know, she, she was the kind you write a song about. - What happened? - I don't know. I mean, she, she was always backstage, that little honky talk remember we used to play at outside Fayetteville? I don't know, one day she just, she never came back. I never heard from her again. - Well, either way, God has a plan. (gentle music) - I hope you're right, Larry. - [Social Worker] You sure you wanna do this? - He's a great kid. JJ, you're gonna come stay with me for a while. Would you like that? - I miss my mom. - I know, sweetie. Thanks, bye. - It's just until we can establish paternity unless other family surfaces. - I know. - Okay. - All right, you ready? (gentle music) - Well, here we go. You want me to open it? - No, no, I can do it. I need a drink first. - No, no, no, no, have a seat, Noah, that's not a good idea. - I can't do it, you do it. (tense music) Come on, what is it? - Congratulations. - Yes, I told you I wasn't that kid's daddy, I told you. You mean congratulations I'm not the kid's father, right? - I'm sorry you feel that way. - It's over, man, it's over. This ruins, it's over, my career's over, you understand that, right, this is done? - No, no, no, no. This could be a good thing. - For who? - Both of you. - I don't know how to be a daddy, Larry. I mean, I can ruin his life. - It's either you or foster care. - I need a drink, man. - Have a seat, brother. Look, I don't blame you, this is tough, but getting blind drunk ain't the answer. - You got a better idea? (gunfire blasting) - Boy, where'd you learn to shoot like that? - My daddy taught me. 'Bout the only thing we could agree on, well that and fishing. - Feeling better? - No, not really. What do we do now? - Well, I reckon it's time you met your son. Put some of the tour dates on hold to give us time to figure this out. - Hi, Noah. This is Leann Harris from the Child Protection Services. We wanna discuss your meeting with JJ. We normally do the first meeting at the facility, but since it's still pretty new to him, we just wanna keep him as comfortable as possible. So we would like to have the meeting at the house. (gentle music) - Hey, buddy, I'm, I'm, hey JJ, I'm your, I'm your dad. Come on, it's not that, it's gonna be all right, it's not that big of a deal, you just tell him who you are and he says who he is and hey, hey, nice to meet you, JJ. There it is, see that's it, you're fine. (gentle music) - You must be Noah. Hi, I'm Leann. - Oh, hey, it's, it's nice to meet you. - I saw you standing at the door for the past few minutes. - Oh, sorry, I was, I was just trying to, I don't know- - Don't worry, it happens to most. - Okay, that's good, good. - Are you ready to meet him? - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - Come on in. - [Noah] All right, thank you. - You're welcome. You want something to drink, water, coffee, tea? - No, no, I'm okay, thank you though. - Alright. Yeah, JJ's quite the artist. - Yeah that's, that's really good. - Yeah. He's in his room, I can go get him. - Well, I got, I got this for JJ. - Why don't you give that to him? Don't worry, you'll be fine. - Okay. - I'll be right back. (phone beeping) - I hope so, Larry, I hope so. - JJ, this is the person I was telling you about. Can you say hi to Mr. Bryan? - Hi, Mr. Bryan. - Hey there, JJ. How you doing? - Good. - It's nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you, too. - Well, I got you something. - What do you say? - Thank you. - You're welcome. Do you need help? - Yeah. - There you go. - [Leann] What is it? - LEGOS, love LEGOS. - Oh good, good, I'm glad. - [Leann] Good choice. - Well, I wish I could take credit, the lady at the store recommended it. - Come on, let's play. - Oh, you're busy now. - Okay, well, I guess we're gonna play LEGOS. - Yep. (upbeat music) - [Larry] Well, how'd it go? - It was good, it was good. We're supposed to have another meeting tomorrow. I'm scared, Larry. - Being a parent can be very intimidating. - How'd you do it? - Well, I didn't do it by myself. My wife, God bless her. She was the anchor. - I don't have a wife, Larry. - No, but you got your parents and a whole lot of people that care about you. - [Leann] So when did you first start playing music? - First picked up a guitar when I was like five. - Wow, that's impressive. - Yeah. I found my dad's old guitar hidden away in the back of the barn. - Hidden? - Yeah, I guess he used to play, but he, you know, he didn't really want that for me. - Oh. - Just kind of wanted me to stay and work the farm. - Well, he must be very proud of you now. - Not really. - What about your mom? - Now my mama, she's my biggest fan. - I bet she is. So any siblings? - Uh... Yeah, I don't usually talk about it. - Oh. - I'm sorry. - Oh, no, yeah, of course. - I'm hungry, when is my food coming? - Well, hey, I got an idea. I'm just throwing it out there, what if we just skip breakfast altogether and we go get us some ice cream? - What flavor? - What's your favorite flavor? - Chocolate. - That's my favorite flavor. - Okay, well, let's have some breakfast first, and then I know the perfect place to take you guys. - Here you go, young man. - Oh, there it is. - Thank you. - And I'll have yours right up. - All right, you just, you solved it for us. I was hoping for ice cream though, man. (gentle music) ♪ You can use it ♪ You can spend it ♪ You can waste it ♪ But why would you want to ♪ Each second ♪ Every minute ♪ Is a minute that you get to hold onto ♪ ♪ And I don't want to regret this life ♪ ♪ I want to spend the rest of my time ♪ ♪ Being next to you ♪ Can we stay right here forever ♪ ♪ Stay right here another minute ♪ ♪ What's right in front of me ♪ Having four wheels on the ground ♪ ♪ I think I'm ready to slow it down ♪ ♪ Can we stay right here (gentle music) ♪ No, you can't buy it ♪ Can't rewind it ♪ You can bottle it up and save it for later ♪ ♪ It won't go to plan though ♪ Life's for living, can't put it on paper ♪ ♪ And I don't want to regret this life ♪ ♪ I want to spend the rest of my time ♪ ♪ Being next to you - This is fun, Mr. Bryan. - Yeah, I'm having a good time too. Uh... I, I got something I got to tell you. - Okay. - I'm your dad. (gentle music) ♪ Can we stay right here ♪ Right here - [Leann] So when are you going back on tour? - Oh, I'm not exactly sure. I know my manager is working on a couple dates. It could be sooner, I'll keep you posted, I'd love for you to come out. - Yeah, that'd be fun. - Yeah. - Have you decided what you're gonna do? - Yeah, I want him to live with me. - Wow, you sure? - Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure. (gentle music) Look, I understand if you're concerned that I might not be able to handle it, but I want him to be with me. I mean, these last few days have been exactly what I need. - What you need? - No, no, that's not- - This is a little boy's life who up until a few weeks ago, had a loving mother. - That's not what I mean. I want to be his dad. I really think I'm ready. - I would love nothing more than for you to be ready, but this precious little boy, he needs his father. If you do this, there's no turning back. - Yeah, I know. I know. He just, he makes me want to be a better person. - Well, who's gonna watch him when you're on stage or whatever it is you're out there doing? - Uh, I don't know. - Well, what about your parents? - Uh... That's tricky. (gentle music) (Noah sighs) - [Sara] Well hi, honey. How are you? - Hey, mom. There's something I gotta tell you. - [Larry] So how'd it go? - Ask me how I'm doing, Larry. - How you doing, Larry? - [Noah] I'm great, man, I'm great. - Hi, hon. - [Larry] Hi, I'm gonna have the breakfast special, please. - You got it, sweetheart. - Thank you. - [Larry] So, what's up? - JJ's gonna come live with me. - Really? - Yeah, man. - Oh Noah, that's great, man. - I know, I'm excited. - And you thought your career was over? How about that? - Well, I hope I made the right decision. Don't make me second guess it now, come on. - You made the right decision. I got some good news, too. - Yeah, how good? - You're opening for Colt Young. - Wait what? Do you know how big this is for us? Do you know? Whoo! Sorry. I'm going on tour with Colt Young and I apologize to everyone, but if you want to come, let me know, I'll get you in. Wait so when do we go? - Two weeks. - Two weeks, I knew this was gonna happen. I knew it, I could feel it, man. Hey, can we get two beers? We celebrating. - Now I have to be very blunt here now. You're gonna have to avoid drinking for the duration of the tour, top to bottom, all right? - What are you talking about, man? Come on. - Look man, Colt Young doesn't want anyone drinking on his tour. Besides, you're a father now. (Noah sighs) - Showtime. (gentle music) - All right, we're all packed. - Hey. Oh, that's a cool bear, what's his name? - Charlie, that's my mommy's name. - Oh, well that's a beautiful name. - All right, you ready to go? It's okay, honey. You'll be a good boy and don't forget those prayers, okay? - But I wanna stay with you. - And I would love that. But you get to live with Noah, now. Okay, he's your daddy? - Okay, I love you. - I love you, too. - Are you ready to go, buddy? Hey, why don't you take Charlie back there? There you go. You wanna grab your blue bag there? - [Leann] Yeah, help him out. - Well, thanks for everything. - Yeah, of course. Take care of him. - Here I'll... Right, I'll get the door. - Yeah, I'll get this one. I'll get it all, I can figure it out. - You take care, you guys. - All right, thank you. - Mmhmm. - [Noah] You ready? - [JJ] Yeah. - [Noah] Let's do it. (gentle music) Oh hey, hey Dash, come here buddy. Come here, hey, hey, hey, how you doing? I missed you. Oh, you okay? - Yeah, how you doing? - It's good to see you, mom. How are you? - We don't see you for three months and now you have a son. - Surprise. - Hi there. - Hey, come on buddy. Hey dad. - Noah. - This is- - You can say it. - That's your grandma and that there's your grandpa. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you, JJ. - Good job, buddy. - I bet you are hungry. - Can I have a grilled cheese? - Oh why yes you can. - Baby, I got to finish my chores. - Okay. - Dash, come on. - [Sara] Let's get on that grilled cheese, you. - [Noah] You think it's done? - Yeah. - Alright, let's give it a shot. God, that's hot. Alright, let's go. Why don't you go sit over there? Alright, go sit over there for me. - Okay. - There you go. - Jesus, thank you for this food. - Oh. - Amen. - Amen. (lighthearted music) What's wrong? - It tastes yucky. - Yucky? It's not that bad. - It's not how Miss LeeAnn makes it. - I'm sorry, buddy, Miss LeeAnn ain't here. - You're not supposed to talk with your mouth full. - Who told you that? - Miss LeeAnn. - Miss LeeAnn, huh? You ain't gonna eat it, are you? - No. - I don't blame you. - Oh, bless your heart. Wanna go make a proper grilled cheese? - Yeah. - You gonna help me? - Yeah. - Oh yeah, good. - Proper, what's that supposed to mean? - You know exactly what it means. - You, you first, it's... (phone ringing) - It's pretty hot, isn't it? - Hey there. - [Larry] I just got off the phone. - Hold on, I can't hear you. Wait. - And then. - All right, go ahead. - [Larry] I just got off the phone with Colt Young's manager. - Yeah? - [Larry] He's gonna be in Branson at a studio recording tomorrow. - Okay. - [Larry] He wants us to stop by for a meeting. - No yeah, I'll be there. - [Larry] It's only a couple hours from your mama's place. I'll send you the address. 3:00 PM I'll meet you there. - Uh... Yeah, I'm gonna be there. Okay, I'm gonna call you on the way, all right. Hey, mama, I uh- - Yeah, I'll watch him. - How'd you hear that? - Mom's hear everything. - Can I borrow your car? - Yeah. - Thanks mama. - Now go help your dad. - No, I got- - Hey, right now. - Yes, ma'am. (cows mooing) (gentle dark music) - [Jeremiah] Good Lord. Damn. (gentle dark music) - [Noah] Need help? - Uh, yeah, give me a 5/8ths. - 5/8ths. - [Jeremiah] Appreciate it. - Yeah, yeah. How you been? - Well the good Lord sees fit in keeping me breathing so I reckon I'm doing all right. - Could be worse, I guess. - [Jeremiah] Yep. - What's wrong with it this time? - Spark plugs. - [Noah] Anything else? - I don't know yet. - Okay, then. - Okay, then. (metal clanking) (gentle music) (thunder clapping) - Hey, what's going on, buddy? - I'm scared. - It's just thunder, it's all right. - I'm scared, can I sleep with you? - Uh, yeah, yeah of course, buddy. I'll keep you safe. - I love you, daddy. - I love you too, buddy. (gentle music) (hopeful music) - I gotta go number two. - What? - I gotta go poop. - Are you done yet? Oh, what in world did you eat, buddy? - Lots of things. - I know, it's just a figure of speech. - What's a figure of speech? - Mama! Mom! All right so after you get the bread, then what? - You butter it. - Okay. Is it a lot of butter? - Just a little bit. - Just to cover it? - Look, you're having grilled cheese for breakfast. - That's all I know how to make, mama. - Kind of looks like JJ's making it. - Oh, you're so funny. Okay, so once you butter it, then what do you do? - You get the cheese. - [Noah] Grilled cheese, all right, that makes sense. What, you ain't gonna help us? - Oh, it looks like you got this. - You're not getting one. All right, this is it. This is it, it's the moment you've been waiting for. You've got this, all right. Hey, hey there Colt, it's nice to meet you. I'm Noah, I'm a big fan of yours, have all your music. Hey there, Mr. Young, big fan of yours. Howdy. No howdy, that's a lot. (knocking on window) Give me a heart attack, Larry, come on man. - Hey man, you ready? - Yeah, yeah. - You good? - Well how do I look? - [Larry] You look good, let's go. - You wearing that? - I'm wearing this. ♪ Find a spot out in a field ♪ Talk to God 'bout what is real ♪ ♪ When I pray sometimes I kneel ♪ ♪ Sometimes I drive, yeah ♪ Sometimes I drive, yeah ♪ In the middle of nowhere ♪ ♪ You take me somewhere ♪ You take me somewhere ♪ Gonna roll the windows down ♪ Find some gospel, crank it loud ♪ ♪ Sing it loud, fly away, oh glory ♪ ♪ Find a spot out in a field ♪ Talk to God 'bout what is real ♪ ♪ When I pray, sometimes I kneel ♪ ♪ Sometimes I drive - That's a keeper. - [Colt] Oh, thank you, man. - [Sound Mixer] Hey, you just had some company come in. - Oh good deal. Hey, y'all come on in, send 'em in. - All right guys, I'll take you through right this way. - After you there, Lar. - Colt, Larry and Noah here to see you. - Hey, Larry. - Hey, hey, long time, long time. Man, you look great for an old codger. - Yeah, I got socks older than you and don't you forget it. - You must be Noah. - How you doing? Nice to meet you, Mr. Young. - Oh, do not call me Mr. Young. That makes me feel almost as old as him. - Yeah, he is ancient. He told me to say that, by the way. - Okay. Can I get y'all something to drink? - How 'bout some of that sweet tea? - Whiskey. I'm kidding, I'm kidding. I know, I'm kidding. Sweet tea, water, whatever you got. - Brenda, can you bring us some sweet tea, please? - Absolutely, you got it. - Awesome, thank you so much. - Thanks, Brenda. - I'm glad you're here. I love your music. - Thank you. - Brought you here just to see if we fit. - Yeah, I get that. - I love this man, he's done a lot for me. He even managed me for a little while. - You didn't tell me that, Larry, come on. - That was years ago. - There's no drinking on this tour, to be blunt, my label is not gonna have it. - Yeah, I understand. - I don't think you have to worry about him. - Yeah, if I'm being totally honest, I have been known to have a drink or two, but I can assure you that that's all behind me now. - Good, good. - Actually, I just just found out I have a son, so. - That's really good. Family's great, it reminds you of what's important. So let's talk about this over some sweet tea, how about that? - Let's do it, let's do it. Love that song, by the way. - Thank you, man, we only make hits around here. - Yeah. After you, darling. We did it, Larry, we did it. You kidding me? We did it. Give me some, give me some. Come here. We never hugged before this. - Look man, I'm gonna line up a few shows to kind of smooth things out before we do this, alright? You could use some smoothness, all right? I'll call you tomorrow. - I think you might need the smoothness there, brother. ♪ You know every word, every line ♪ ♪ Like a record you grew up with and memorized me ♪ ♪ It's easy, you and me, we sound so good ♪ ♪ We fit so right ♪ Like a Sunday drive, the windows rolled down ♪ ♪ You're my rhythm, you're my rock, I get lost and found ♪ ♪ In your eyes, all the time ♪ Can't help but love that sound ♪ ♪ Want to spin you around like a needle on vinyl ♪ ♪ Wearing you down like an old love song ♪ ♪ Want to sing along, dance along ♪ ♪ Like we never lost a beat ♪ Over and done but we ain't broken ♪ ♪ Lost in a groove, it feels so good ♪ ♪ Like a favorite song going on and on and on ♪ ♪ I get lost in your touch ♪ It's a perfect beat ♪ And your kiss is a song I sing ♪ ♪ And your love is a melody ♪ In the key of you and me Sorry. - Oh, I'll take that one. - You want that one? - Yes. - All right there you go. - Thank you. - Thanks for coming out. - Thanks for inviting me. - Yeah. - I'm having a good time. You're really talented. - Thank you. - So how's JJ adjusting? - Oh, he's, he's fantastic. You know he started calling me daddy? - That's incredible. - Yeah, it's pretty cool. - I'm really glad your parents can help out. - Yeah, I figured out pretty quickly I needed their help. - So, any thoughts about what you're gonna do? - Yeah, yeah, I mean I'm going on this tour with Colt Young and Larry says this is a big one. - What about JJ? - What about him? - Is he gonna stay on the farm? - Well yeah. - How long are you gonna be gone? - I don't know. - Sorry. - Wait what, what happened? - No it's just that little boy's been through so much so I. - Yeah. Look, I promise you, I'm always gonna be there for him, okay? Always. If this tour works out like I hope, I'll be able to buy him anything he wants. - It's not really about what you can buy him. (audience applauding) - [Announcer] Who's ready for some line dancing? ♪ Don't make this complicated - Shall we? - Really? - Yeah, let's do it. - Okay. - Do you know how to dance? - Yeah, do you? - No. Let's go. It's gonna be the fun, regardless. ♪ Give me a good song on the radio ♪ ♪ Baby I'll let you lead ♪ I'll let you hold me close ♪ We'll go all night in those neon lights ♪ ♪ I'll be buzzing on your loving ♪ ♪ Got me feeling like we're something ♪ ♪ You look like a good time ♪ So don't waste mine ♪ Yeah, don't waste mine ♪ You look like a good time ♪ So don't waste mine ♪ Yeah, don't waste mine, baby (upbeat music) (audience cheering) - I should go. - All right. - Okay, this was fun. - Yeah, this is fun. - Come on. - Everything okay? - Yeah, yeah it's just late. - Well, thanks for coming. - Thanks for having me. I had a really good time. - I hope I see you soon. - I'd like that. - I gotta wrap up here but can I at least walk you to your car? - Yeah, that'd be nice. - I promise I'll be good. (LeeAnn giggling) - Hey buddy. Well, it's time to go to sleep. Oh, take your glasses off and you sleep tight and you don't let those bedbugs bite. - When's my daddy coming home? - Oh, you miss him, don't you? Yeah, it's okay. Don't be sad. You just hold onto your bear and you close your eyes, close your eyes and you're gonna wake up so happy, I promise. It's all right, he's coming back. - [JJ] Okay. - Don't worry. (gentle music) ♪ Song on the radio Hey dad. - It has been three days, Noah. - I told you I had practice shows. - Not even a phone call. Your mother's been worried sick about you, your boy's been asking about you every day. - Yeah, I told you I had rehearsals all day and then I had shows at night. See I know you don't understand, but maybe if you came to one show, you'd get it. - I've been too busy working on this farm, Noah, which you should be doing. - You know just 'cause you never had a dream, daddy, that don't mean I can't. (sad music) All I ever wanted was for you to come see me play. - I ain't ever gonna come see you play. (sad music) (audience cheering) - Joe, where you at, man? I'm 'bout to go on so I guess just call Larry whenever you get this, all right. - [Larry] Noah, you're on in five. - Thanks. (phone ringing) - Hey dad, can you talk to Joe? 'Cause I'm 'bout to go on. If you talk to him, just tell him to call Larry 'cause he's got his ticket. - [Jeremiah] Noah, your brother- - Where is he? - [Jeremiah] Joe has been in a bad, bad accident. - What happened? - [Jeremiah] We, we just, we just don't know. (sad music) (audience cheering) ♪ She's in the front row ♪ Knows how the songs goes ♪ Repping that band shirt ♪ Dancing like there's no tomorrow ♪ - We're coming up on the most demanding part of the tour and I need you to be at the top of your game. - You heard the crowd last night, man, they love me. - [Larry] Yeah, I also heard how pitchy you were last night. - What do you want me to say, Larry? Tell me what to say, I'll say it. - I want you to be sober for this one, okay? ♪ Let me hear you country loud - Congratulations, you finally learned how to sing drunk. - Are you crazy man, what are you doing? - You were supposed to finish with the new song. - Well I wasn't feeling it. - No, you're not feeling a whole lot of anything these days, are you? - Your tempo's off. - Tempo's fine. - He's right, that tempo was fine. - If I say the tempo's off, the tempo's off. - Look, that's the way we've been playing it since the start of the tour. - Oh really, that's the way you've been playing it since the start of the tour? That's cool 'cause you're fired. - Noah! ♪ Raise my glass, sing a toast ♪ To the fans I love the most I don't want to hear it from you. - You're gonna hear it from me. Where am I supposed to find a drummer this late in the game, huh? - My band, my rules. - Yeah, but it's my responsibility to see to it that you give your fans a good show. - You look good! ♪ Country fans, country proud You'll figure it out. - Noah! - Excuse me. Have fun. - Just take five, guys. (gentle guitar music) ♪ I missed your birthday ♪ Candles on the cake ♪ Hold you anyways ♪ You wish on me ♪ I missed a lot of things ♪ For that I'll take the blame ♪ And I (slams door) - Listen up, you're gonna have to lighten up on the guys or this whole thing's gonna come to an end way sooner than planned. - Did you replace him? - I talked him into staying. - Great, see I knew you'd figure it out. - It's not my job to convince these guys to put up with your ego. - That's exactly what your job is. - You've become a very angry, prideful young man lately and if you don't take a step back... - What's gonna happen, Larry? (sad music) There you go. I'll finish the rest. (sad music) - Noah! (sad music) (crowd cheering) (upbeat music) ♪ I'm not the kind of guy to settle down ♪ ♪ Stop and put my roots down ♪ Baby, I'm a runaway ♪ Got no undercover ♪ I'm rolling like a rolling stone ♪ ♪ Never felt the need to stay ♪ And darling, you walked into the room ♪ ♪ And stopped me in my tracks ♪ And just like that ♪ I was dreaming 'bout us, love and marriage ♪ ♪ Put a little baby in the baby carriage ♪ ♪ Putting our name on an old mailbox ♪ ♪ Find a big life right near your parents ♪ ♪ Know it sounds weird ♪ Know it sounds strange ♪ Girl, you got me thinking I'mma buy you a ring ♪ ♪ No place on Earth I'd rather be ♪ ♪ Than with you, baby ♪ You're my whole world, yeah (upbeat music) (Noah mumbles) (audience cheering) (Noah throwing up) - [Larry] Come on, kid, tour's over. - [Noah] Leave me alone, Larry. - [Larry] Why do you do this to yourself? - [Noah] I never should have left. - [Larry] Left what? - [Noah] I left when they needed me the most, man. - [Larry] Come on man, I'm taking you back to your parents. - [Noah] I ain't going back, man. - [Larry] Come on, we're going back to the farm. Come on, let's go. Come on, it's alright. It's all right. (gentle music) Okay, call me tomorrow. - I got it, I got it. (gentle music) - [Larry] Hey, what about your luggage? (gentle music) - "One quiet morning fresh and new, mama wakes her sleepy cub. "Come look," she laughs, "it's everywhere. God's filled the Earth with love. "" - See you later, JJ. - Come read with us, daddy. - "The ducklings waddled, Todd was slow. He won't leave one behind." We missed you at dinner. - Yeah, I wasn't hungry. - You weren't hungry or you were just too hungover? - What's hungover? - It's okay. - [Sara] It's a big grownup word that you don't need to know about. - Noah, we have told you before we do not want that poison in our home. - What is that supposed to mean? - Let's go in your room and finish up. - No, no, no, don't take him. He started it in front of him, no, let him finish it. - Hey, you stop it. - You want to drink? Is that what you want to do? You want to stay out all hours of the night? Well go ahead. But if you do, you won't be staying here, that is what it means. And you, hey, you, you have a responsibility to that little boy. - Nothing ever changes with you, does it, daddy? Oh, can you do this? Can you do that? Oh, that's- - Enough! (ominous music) You will not disrespect me or your mama underneath our own roof, or anybody else's for that matter. You left this family when your brother Joe died when we needed you the most to go chasing some kind of pipe dream. (ominous music) - You think this is a pipe dream? - You don't get it, do you? - No. - Do you have any idea the burden that you have put on your mama? You come strolling back into our lives with a little boy, a little boy, because you weren't responsible enough and now you want our help, is that it? (Noah laughs) You think that's funny? Hey, hey, where you going? - Out from under your roof. - You... (ominous music) Father God, just please give me the strength. ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ So I'll buy a drink and grab a stool ♪ ♪ Say hello, keeping my cool ♪ Eyes on you ♪ And I'll let the girls make their rounds ♪ ♪ But I'll be hanging out over here ♪ ♪ They'll be ♪ Drinking their beer - Lisa, I need one more. - Don't you think you've had enough, Noah? - No. - I think you need some coffee. - Okay, just put whisky in it. ♪ I'll be sipping on you - Don't you roll your eyes at me, Lisa. (Noah laughs) (audience applauding) - Give it up for Nora Collins. (audience applauding) Who else is feeling brave tonight? - Could I get a beer? - In a minute. That one's on the house. - I love you, I love you, I love you. Mmm. - You're Noah Bryan. - No. - I love your music. What are you doing here? - Thank you. I was just, I was having a few drinks. - Oh, is that Noah Bryan at the bar over there? Who wants Noah to come sing us a song? - [Fan] Please, sing a song for me. - Sorry. - Here he comes. Let's give it up, Noah Bryan, everybody. (audience applauding) Oh sure. - Uh, I don't have a guitar. - You can use mine. - Wow, you're so nice, that was good. - Thank you so much. - You're welcome. - Oh, he's really cute in person. - Whatever. - One more time, let's make him feel welcome. It's Noah Bryan. (audience applauding) - Okay, I'll sing a I'll sing a song off my new record. Is that okay with you? You're okay? Okay. (gentle guitar music) Oh sorry, this ain't my guitar so it's hard, it's weird to play. Is this in standard tuning? - Yes. - It sounds weird. Hold on one second. ♪ You know every word, every line ♪ (Noah mumbling song) ♪ Sing Oh sorry, my voice is a little tired from touring. - You mean from drinking? - No, no, I meant from the tour. Thank you for your input. - Oh dear, don't. - Maybe the acoustics ain't too good back there. - Okay, well you're gonna need to talk to the sound guy, not me. ♪ You know every word, every line ♪ ♪ Like a (Noah mumbling) - Nope, worse up front. - Maybe it's just your shirt there, brother. That thing's weird. - Now get off the stage. You're terrible. - Okay, all right, man, that's not a terrible idea. Who, do I give this to you or? - [Nora] I can take it. - Okay, you really were good though. - So nice to meet you. - No, it was nice to meet you. (audience applauding) - Bye bye, Noah Bryan. (crowd yelling) (dramatic music) Hey! (fists punching) (men grunting) (Noah grunting) - I'm pretty sure I won, though. Are those your boots? - Yep, those are boots. Get in the car. - I like it. - Get in. - Ow, ow, my hair! Ow! Hey! Can you get me a beer? (sirens blaring) I need a beer. - You haven't said a word the whole drive over. - There ain't nothing to say. - How 'bout thanks? - Thanks, Larry. - You know you really should be grateful I was able to get you out on a Saturday. (Noah laughing) This isn't funny. You should be grateful I was able to get you out on a Saturday because the other guy didn't wanna press charges. The label called. - Let me guess, they don't want me on the tour anymore. - They have a reputation to protect, Noah. And it took a favor from a good friend to get you that interview. They handed you the biggest break of your career. - What do you want me to say, Larry? - You just threw it out the window. You need to deal with whatever it is that's we messing you up. - Are we done? - Yeah, yeah Noah, we're done. I think it's time you found another manager. - That's no problem. - It's no problem, huh? You're still being prideful. I've warned you about that. - I don't need your God stuff. - That's exactly what you need, right now. (sad music) - [Sara] My, my, where have you been? - Daddy! - What happened to you? Noah, where's my car? Noah! (sad music) - Ooh mama, your baking sure does smell good. - Noah's back. - Where is he? - Just leave him be. - What do you mean leave him be? Okay. Hey, little cowboy, what you doing? - That's you, colors and the rainbow. (sad music) - Are you gonna put Dash in there? - Yeah. (banging) - Hey, papa needs to go feed some horses. You want to go with me? Alright, come on. Come on, let's go. - Noah? (knocking on door) Noah! What's going on in there? (sad music) - God... please forgive me. Hey. - Why are you sad? - Come here, buddy, I love you. - Love you, too. (sad music) - You ready to discuss what happened the other night? - No. - Ice cream at 7:30 in the morning? - It's better than grilled cheese, right? - [Sara] I spoke to Larry. - Of course you did. What'd he say? - He said a lot, son. - [Noah] Sounds like Larry. - JJ, sweetie, do you mind taking your ice cream into the living room? You can play in there. - Okay, GMA. - Great. Thank you. What's going on with you? - I don't wanna talk about it. - I didn't raise you in a good Christian home for you to go out drinking and starting fights. Go get changed, we're going to church. - I'm not going to church, mama. - Oh, you're going to church and we're gonna pick up my car on the way. (sad music) (church bells ringing) - Being a follower of Jesus will cost you something. It may cost you friends, it may cost you your job, it may even cost you your life. But as the Apostle Paul reminds us in Philippians 3:8, "Indeed I count everything a loss for the surpassing work of knowing Christ Jesus, my Lord." I want to sum up today's sermon with a quote. Jesus asked his disciples, "What does it profit a man to gain the whole world yet to lose his soul? And what will a man give in exchange for his soul?" - Hey. - Yeah. - Meet me in the attic in 10 minutes. - What? No mama, I got something I got to take care of. - 10 minutes. (gentle music) - Yes, ma'am. (gentle music) What's going on, mama? - [Sarah] I want to show you something, sit down. (gentle music) - [Noah] What are these? - These are your dad's. He was one of the best bull riders ever. I remember the day that he won this one, National Finals Rodeo. He was larger than life that day, still is, you know? Anyway, after your brother was born, I had, I had complications and I was told I could never have another child and then I got pregnant with you and it was the happiest day of my life, your dad's too. Oh yeah. After I told him, his eyes lit up like a Christmas tree. I'll never forget the look on his face. You were our little miracle. He never attended another rodeo after that, never said why and I didn't ask, but I knew. He gave up his dreams to care for his family. He's a good man, Noah and he loves you very much. Losing your brother, it's been very hard on him. Yeah, he was something though, right? Look at these. (sad music) - I miss you, brother. I wish you could meet JJ. He's amazing, you know, just like you. I love you. Lord, please forgive my pride and forgive me for leaving my family when they needed me the most. Thank you. (gentle music) Thank you. (gentle music) Hey pop. - Son, grab a bail of hay, give me some help. - No. - No? - I have a better idea. (gentle music) You remember how to do that? - [Jeremiah] Oh, I think I remember a thing or too. Dash, come on, come on. Come on, buddy. - [Noah] This way, dad. - [Jeremiah] That a boy. I remember the first time I brought you and your brother to this spot. - Yeah, me too. - What was the name of that little dog that you used to have? - Oh, Boot. - Boot. - Yeah. - I never could for the life of me figure out why you named that dog Boot. - Because he always liked to sleep on my boot. - That's right. He was a good one. - Yeah. Yeah, he was, just like you, dad. (gentle music) - What do you mean? - Mom showed me all the belt buckles you won. - Man, I told your mother never to tell you and your brother about them. - Why? Why wouldn't you tell us that? You gave up your dream. (gentle music) - Having you boys, that was my dream. And if I had kept living my life the way I was doing it I wouldn't have been around you or your mother so. - I'm sorry, dad. I'm sorry for the way that I left. I just hope you can forgive me. - I'd forgive you, son, but there isn't anything to forgive. - I love you, dad. - I love you too, son. Yeah. It's getting late, probably should head back soon after I cast a few more. (Noah snickers) - Oh, that smells amazing, mama. I'm so hungry, gimme a little bite. - Hey, you stop it. (doorbell ringing) - Somebody coming to dinner? - [Sara] Well, why don't you answer the door and find out? - Who's coming to dinner, JJ? LeeAnn, hey, what's going on? - Hey Noah. - Oh, hey, what are you? - Your mom invited me and besides, I wanted to see JJ. - Oh, um- - Well don't just stand there, let her in. - I'm sorry, I'm sorry, come on in. It's good to see you. - Hi. - Hey. Um, how you been? - Good. - [JJ] You said that you would come. - I told you I would. - Yeah, he missed you. - I missed him. - It's so nice to meet you, LeeAnn. - Nice meeting you, Mrs. Bryan. - Noah, you didn't tell me how pretty she is. - You didn't tell me she was coming to dinner so we're even, mama. - [JJ] Does anybody want a chicken leg? - I think I'm good. - I got mine but hey, son, can I have a roll, please? - [Noah] Yeah, dad. - Yeah, let me trade you some potatoes for that, please, sir, thank you. Appreciate it. - You better hand me the butter 'cause I know he's gonna want that next. - Yes, indeed, yes, indeed. - Man, this is a lot. - LeeAnn, so glad you could be here with us. - I'm so happy to be here. - JJ, what'd you do today on the farm? - We feeded the cows and the chickens and the horses. - [LeeAnn] Oh that's great, JJ. - That's right, what'd you do with GMA? - We went into the garden and we picked all different types of vegetables. - Yes, we did. - You glad to see Miss LeeAnn, buddy? - [JJ] Yeah. - Me too. This is a really beautiful place. - Been in the family for three generations? - Yeah, what was it, our great, great grandfather won it in a poker game? - No, really? - He is just pulling your leg. - I'm not. Mama. - Well, it's very peaceful out here. - Well you are welcome here anytime, I want you to know that. - I gotta go pee. (all laughing) (gentle music) - So you gonna tell me what really happened? - Well I work at an animal shelter on the weekends and I was helping a dog, no, I got in a bar fight and it was not my best moment. - What an amazing place to grow up in. - Yeah, yeah, it really is. It's funny, I hated it growing up. - Why? - I don't know, I mean I had to be up every morning at 4:00 AM to feed the chickens and the horses. As a kid, that ain't no fun. - Yeah, well beats growing up in a two bedroom apartment and sharing a room with my sister. - Grass is always greener, I suppose. - Yeah, I guess so. - He needs a good girl in his life. - Don't go butting into this. - Oh I would never. - It's a beautiful night. - Yes, it is. - Is he going to kiss her or what? - Now who's butting in? - I had a great time tonight but I better be going. - Do you have to? - It was great meeting your parents. They're good people. - Well I would say you made quite the impression. - Oh really? Well maybe we can, I don't know- - Yeah, mmhmm, I'd like that. - Great. - Let me get that for you. - Oh well I guess chivalry isn't dead. - Well my mama is watching. I'm just kidding. You sure I can't drive you home? - I'm sure. It's not that long of a drive but thank you. - Alright. JJ was real happy to see you. I was too. - Yeah, me too. Well I better be going. - All right. (gentle music) (car engine revving) (gentle music) Dash, Dash! Come here. Good boy, good boy. Let me show you how it's done. I've been thinking. - About what? - I was thinking maybe JJ and I could live here full time. - Maybe. - I was thinking I could help out on the farm, JJ could learn. - Try this. - Okay then. - Okay then. - Smells like rain. - Yes, sir, it sure does. - He's ready to see you now. Mr. Walker. - Thank you. Thanks a lot, Colt. - Yeah, I haven't said yes just yet. - What's that? - Just watch. (men grunting) (fists punching) Kid's got a good right hook, I'll give him that. - He's sober now. - Right. Listen, I was wild in my youth, you were wild in your youth, but the industry's changed. So have I. This? - Hey, what can I say, Cole? The kids got something, you told me that yourself. - Yes, but this image is not what my fans expect. - Okay man, I get it but the kid deserves a second chance. God knows we got ours. - Oh man. I think your pie might be better than my mama's. - Oh. - Don't you tell her I said that. - I still can't believe a country boy like you has never been on a picnic. - I was always too busy working the farm. Can't believe a city girl like you can ride a horse that good. - I had riding lessons when I was younger. I'm glad you and JJ are getting along here. - Being back here, I can see the beauty in growing up in a place like this. - I'm very glad to hear that. - You know I was, I was thinking, it's been so nice getting to know you. I don't know I mean I was thinking maybe - Yes, I would love to. - You don't even know what I was gonna say. - I would love to spend more time with you, Noah Bryan. - What? - You are so beautiful. - Is that some country charm? (romantic music) - I guess we better get back, getting feeding time. - I'll race ya. - Loser feeds the animals? (upbeat music) - Hey. - Hey. Hey, what do you think about getting another horse for JJ? I want him to learn to ride. - I think so. - All right. - Son, come here a second. - What's going on? - Your mama and me, we've been wanting to give you something for a long time. - No. - [Jeremiah] Go ahead. - No dad, I can't. - Son, go ahead, open it. (gentle music) You got a real talent. We've always known it. I guess, I guess I just didn't wanna lose you too. - Thanks, dad. - Now, you go out and shoe 'em. (gentle music) - [LeeAnn] It looks comfy. - I am so glad that you found a place nearby. - Me too and I'm transferring to the office in Fayetteville. - And I am glad too so you can look after this one. - I intend to. (phone ringing) - Larry? - [Larry] Hey kid. - Hey, hey, what's up, man? - [Larry] I got some good news. You got a minute? (gentle guitar music) What you think, Dash? Waiting on you, bud, waiting on you to come up with the line. Here we go, it's the one, be the one. ♪ Stepping in when the pressure's on ♪ ♪ Crying tears with the lights on ♪ Would you say with the lights on? Let's try off, then we'll go back to on. I'm saying off, you're saying on. Oh yeah. ♪ Stepping in when the pressure's on ♪ - Hello cowboy, what you got? - Tony's. - Ah. Baby, have you seen Noah? - He's not out there with you? - No and all his chores are done, he's been a big help. - And he's been a great daddy to JJ, right? - And he's been a great daddy to JJ. He's being the man. - Oh you noticed. - Hey, I'm proud of him. - Me too. - Speaking of which, do you know where daddy is? - He's at the porch. - Do you mind going out there and telling him that breakfast is ready? - Yes, GMA. - Do it quick, quick, quick. Hey, those are JJ's. You get the big ones. Just go sit at the table. - Daddy, breakfast is ready. - All right buddy, I'll be in there in a second. Hey, come here. I need your help 'cause Dash ain't doing much for me. No offense. - Daddy. - What's that? - What does being the man mean? - Being the man, being the man. I love you, JJ. Oh my God, that's it, being the man. Want to know what being the man means? ♪ Being the man is telling the world that you got it wrong ♪ ♪ Being the man ♪ Ain't running away, it's running home ♪ ♪ Stepping in when the pressure's on ♪ ♪ Crying tears with the lights on ♪ ♪ Being the man There it is, yeah. ♪ Being the man ♪ Well, I missed your birthdays ♪ ♪ Candles on the cake ♪ I hope you didn't waste your wish on me ♪ ♪ Well I missed a lot of things ♪ ♪ For that, I'll take the blame ♪ ♪ And I'll spend the rest of my days ♪ ♪ Making it up to you ♪ 'Cause sometimes being a man ♪ Is telling the world that you got it wrong ♪ ♪ Being the man ♪ Ain't running away, it's running home ♪ ♪ Stepping in when the pressure's on ♪ ♪ Crying tears with the lights on ♪ ♪ Being the man ♪ Being the man ♪ I'm gonna try to be ♪ The kind of man you see in me ♪ ♪ 'Cause I don't want to repeat ♪ ♪ The same mistakes again ♪ 'Cause sometimes being the man ♪ ♪ Is telling the world that you got it wrong ♪ ♪ Being the man ♪ Ain't running away, it's running home ♪ ♪ Stepping in when the pressure's on ♪ ♪ Crying tears with the lights on ♪ ♪ Being the man ♪ Being the man ♪ And I will lay you down to sleep ♪ ♪ I'll pray the Lord will work on me ♪ ♪ Being the man ♪ Means telling the world that you got it wrong ♪ ♪ Being the man ♪ Ain't running away, it's running home ♪ ♪ Being the man ♪ Is telling the world that you got it wrong ♪ ♪ Being the man ♪ Ain't running away, it's running home ♪ ♪ Stepping in when the pressure's on ♪ ♪ Crying tears with the lights on ♪ ♪ Being the man ♪ Being the man ♪ Oh, being the man ♪ Being the man - Thanks for giving him a second chance, man. - Everybody deserves a second chance, everybody. (audience applauding) (upbeat music) ♪ You can use it ♪ You can spend it ♪ You can waste it ♪ But why would you want to ♪ Each second, every minute ♪ Is a memory that you get to hold onto ♪ ♪ And I don't want to regret this life ♪ ♪ I want to spend the rest of my time ♪ ♪ Being next to you ♪ Can we stay right here forever ♪ ♪ Stay right here ♪ Nothing better than what's right in front of me ♪ ♪ I've got four wheels on the ground ♪ ♪ I think I'm ready to slow it down ♪ ♪ And just stay right here ♪ You can't buy it ♪ Can't rewind it ♪ Can't bottle it up and save it for later ♪ ♪ It won't go to plan though ♪ Life's for living can't put it on paper ♪ ♪ And I don't want to regret this life ♪ ♪ I want to spend the rest of my time ♪ ♪ Being next to you ♪ Can we stay right here forever ♪ ♪ Stay right here ♪ Nothing better than what's right in front of me ♪ ♪ I've got four wheels on the ground ♪ ♪ I think I'm ready to slow it down ♪ ♪ And just stay right here ♪ Can we stay right here ♪ Right here ♪ Right here ♪ I don't want to regret this life ♪ ♪ I want to spend the rest of my time ♪ ♪ With you right here forever ♪ Can we stay right here ♪ Nothing better than what's right in front of me ♪ ♪ I've got four wheels on the ground ♪ ♪ Think I'm ready to slow it down ♪ ♪ I'm ready now ♪ Can we stay right here ♪ Stay right here (gentle guitar music) (upbeat music) ♪ If I had a dime for every time ♪ ♪ That I worried time away ♪ I'd be the richest man you could find ♪ ♪ But I wouldn't be happy ♪ I'm always spinning my wheels ♪ ♪ I just need to be right here ♪ And try to not blink ♪ 'Cause you're mine ♪ Miss anything ♪ One more time ♪ Don't let your head go before your heart ♪ ♪ Wherever you go, there you are ♪ ♪ Soak it all up ♪ While you got breath in your lungs ♪ ♪ Live it up ♪ Don't let your head go before your heart ♪ ♪ Wherever you go, there you are ♪ ♪ I met a guy ♪ He was 89 ♪ He gave me life advice ♪ He said, don't get ahead of God ♪ ♪ He will guide your steps ♪ I'm always spinning my wheels ♪ ♪ I just need a be right here ♪ And try to not blink 'cause you're mine ♪ ♪ Miss any day one more time ♪ Don't let your head go before your heart ♪ ♪ Wherever you go, there you are ♪ ♪ Soak it all up ♪ While you got breath in your lungs ♪ ♪ Live it up ♪ Don't let your head go before your heart ♪ ♪ Wherever you go, there you are ♪ ♪ Wherever you go, there you are ♪