Close, at least more. That's good you're on time. He should be honoured to be buried in one of our beautiful Berlin churches. Good Lord, if it isn't the great Digby Mitchel himself. Well not quite myself this morning oh boy. That German hooch. Last night? Or the early hours this morning, whichever way you'd like to put it. When was this? Ah, that dive that you introduced me to in the open plats. Whatever will the high commission say? Thanks to the high commission if I didn't have to rush back and report on some city meeting of theirs at Birmingham, I should have time to cure my hangover. Were we the only two passengers for the lift? I shouldn't think so. We've got a small party though, about five, I think. Our service, three. You, a Yank, and what else? Staff I expect. Oh gosh, some boring top class fellow. Civilians, one M, one F. One male one female. I wonder who she is. She might be interesting. Probably the VIP's hag. No, I'm definitely going to sleep on this trip. Well I hope they don't keep us hanging around too long, I can't afford to waste valuable leave. You can say that again pal. Well what do you know, my old buddy Pete Ridgeway. How are you Hank? You old son of a gun, you. Hey remember how we used to hit those high spots together at Dotman, huh? I certainly do. Hank and I were in the same headquarters together. We practically lived in each other's pockets. Yeah, we used to carry each other home many of stormy night. By the way this is Digby Mitchel, another old drinking companion of mine. Glad to know you Mr. Mitchel. So you should be my boy. I'm probably the only man in Berlin who can give you the name of a certain type of German beverage to avoid at all costs. First hand information. Yeah, I got a butler, the real McCoy, right here in my bag. You care for a hair of the old dog? Not even a wicket of the pot, I couldn't face it, but thank you all the same. Say, that's quite a camera you've got there. Did you win it at blackjack? Kind of. Know these cards certainly can make 'em. 35 lens, light scale values, flash attachment. The works. Hey I'm talking about pictures. There was a doll around front just now, a redhead, and oh baby. Probably our passenger, female one. Yeah, well things sure are looking up if she is. With three weeks leave, a buck or two to burn, who knows. Same old Hank. Oh I beg your pardon madam. Oh, does not matter. Allow me, I didn't realise you were just behind me. Oh brother. Morning. Morning sir. Morning. Do you fellas spot a leave? Yes sir. Looks as if we're going to have nice weather for the trip anyway. It'll probably be raining by the time we get to England. You're a pessimist. No sir, I'm a Londoner, I'm used to it. Hello. Say you don't look very military. Do you think I should look military? It's only that you're flying in an air force plane. You gonna be around in London? I expect so. With time to spare? For what? Oh, fun and games. You looking at a guy with eight months flying pay and not one name in his little black book. And nothing but innocence in his little black heart, no? Ouch. Thank you, but London is full of girls who will help you spend your flying pay. Oh, Ms. Bergner, would you be good enough to step in to the office for a moment? It's just a signature for your London work permit. Ms. Bergner. Lovely thanks. What's the matter with you? You know photography of any kind is forbidden here. Why don't you relax pal? I'm only spying for the commies in my spare time. I'm sorry I got in the way, I was in your picture sir. You sure were. Still I can always cut you out of the print. Well after all, she is prettier than you are pal. Now may I have your attention please. Major Carl Alexis Scamel. Yes, I'm Scamel. Captain Peter Ridgeway. Yes. Mr. Digby Mitchel, high commission. Captain Godowski, I take it you are Godowski. How right you are. Well there's a cable for you just arrived. Thanks. You'll be taking off in about five minutes gentleman. Kindly obey the pilot's instructions regarding air safety and report to tonsible control on arrival. That must be our plane taxing under the runway. Yes, Flight 402. You may go and board as soon as you like. I'm sorry you're leaving us Ms. Bergner, I saw your show at Munich a couple of month's back. Oh, well I am sorry to go to. But there's a lot of work for me to do in London. Hello Coutts. What's up? Colonel Fentriss sends compliments sir, and could you give him half an hour of your time? Sure. What's it all about? Something about the DP Passport for tourism. This the file? Yes sir. Top secret, M.I.5., Department Crossbow, Polish incentive European subversives. It appears that a number of undesirables now operating in the vicinity of Soho have entered this country by means of forged documents. Ah, Keen. Colonel Fentriss. You've got the file, I see. I've just had a message from ally Military government Berlin. They say they've turned up something new. What happened, they catch some poor guy with a homemade travel permit or something? It's rather more significant than that. There's this organised ring dealing in forged papers on the continent. Informers, traders, people from behind the curtain, all there sort of chaps pf buying these papers and getting into the camps as refugees. Well we didn't have to hear from AMG Berlin to find that out. Ah, but here's something we didn't know. People are being got in to this country as part of some big plan connected with currency. That sounds like a lot of nonsense to me. Ah, it may be nonsense, but they seem to know what they're talking about. Anyway, one of the military intelligence fellows is flying over from Berlin today. Now this chap will make for the War Office as soon as he lands, and we'll be seeing him tomorrow. That is, if nothing happens to him. Why should it? It's perfect flying weather. I wasn't thinking of the weather. Hm. What's this character's name? Oh, Scamel, Major Carl Alexis Scamel. Carl Alexis Scamel. And you want me to handle it? Yes, it's your pigeon. Scamel was working for intelligence in the American zone. And as you're a member of the American forces, even if attached to British intelligence, well. Alrighty. Can I borrow Tom Coutts? Yes of course, is this understand sergeant? Yes sir. What time does this Scamel character get here now? Well he should be at the airport now. Ah man, three weeks of freedom. Hey let's have a cigarette. Doing anything special tonight? Thought I'd just ponder about. Staying in London? My sister's expecting me at Bobbing Hill. Where the heck's that? Kent, near Wrotham. I think I'll put her off for a day or two, why? Well I thought since we're both gonna be on the town why don't we get together? You twisting my arm? Well at least you can steer a guy in the right direction. I'll just have to find a room somewhere. Forget it, I reserved a double room at the hotel. Here's the cable I got in Berlin confirming it. Bailey's Hotel, Knightsbridge. Okay, well then that's settled. Away we go then. Oh, hey, wait a minute. What do you know. Oh, I am so glad I found you. I am sorry about being unpleasant to you before about going out with you in London, I mean. I would like to very much. You would? Before my train leave, give me your address quick. Well I'm at Bailey's Hotel, Knightsbridge. But tonight I am busy. I phone you there tomorrow. Yeah. WQQell how about that? Yeah, how about that? What's the matter, don't you think I'm gonna make it? No. Well you saw her falling all over me. From where I was standing I saw an act, and a pretty phoney one at that. Ah, you're crazy. Listen you tried her for size before we left Berlin, why should she suddenly change her mind? Look I'll bet you she's on the level. Wishful thinking. I bet you a pound she's not. You're wrong. She'll call me at the hotel in the morning, or your 280 in front. Well let's use that as taxi fare. What was the name of that hotel again? Bailey's Hotel, Knightsbridge. Now any other transport to London since 1300 hours? Freight and four crew at 1430 hours and Flight 408, lead plane, 15 passengers at 1600 hours. Checked all permits? Naturally. Civilian as well as service. Alright, I want your passenger list for Flight 402 right away. Meanwhile get me a line through to Crossbow. Right sir, this way please. Mh, what's up, Coutts? I wouldn't have called you back Major, but this seemed pretty urgent. Was it in code? No sir, direct phone from Intelligence, Berlin. Body of Major Carl Alexis Scamel found under rubble near Carlstrasse. 1721 hours, identification positive. Man travelling London, Flight 402, an impostor. That's right. Scamel, that's that intelligence officer Fentriss was talking about this morning. Exactly Keen. And there's another bit of information I've leaned since. Oh? Thank you Coutts. All indications are that the impostor is a cove we've been after for years. He's been tank familiar recap in Europe, but he's always kept just one jump ahead. What's this character's name? He's known as Dumetrius. Dumetrius. And I'd better warn you that he's cunning, ruthless, completely unscrupulous, and will stop at nothing, including murder. Can you give me a full description of him? We haven't got a clue. We've grilled half the Polish suspects in the country, forged passport game. They've never actually seen him either. What about the other passengers on the plane? Well there were only four. Here's the list of their names and addresses from Intelligence. Digby Mitchel, Birmingham, we'll get him tonight. Ridgeway, RESC, staying Bobbing Hill, Kent. H. Godowski, USAF, Bailey's Hotel, Knightsbridge. Yeah, we might start with him. I doubt if you see much of him until the small hours either. But of course if there's an attractive enough blonde in one of the nightclubs, he might leave the scene then. Well that leaves just the passenger female one, Flat seven, Kenilworth Court. Women are usually pretty observant, maybe she could give us a description. Well we could try there first, sir. Yeah. What's her name again? Ms. Hedy Bergner. Yeah? Good evening. Are you Ms. Hedy Bergner? That's my name, what is it? Well I'm sorry to disturb you at this time of night but something very important has come up that I'm afraid won't wait. My name is Keen, may we come in. Well I suppose so. Thank you. But, what is it? Oh this is Sergeant Coutts. Good evening miss. Sergeant? You are officers of the police? No, we're from military intelligence. I understand that you arrived by plane today from Berlin. Yeah, today I arrived from Berlin. Well it would seem that one of your fellow passengers is suspected of being involved in a murder. Oh no. And we'd like to get a description of him as soon as possible. But what do you want with me? In addition to yourself there was an American pilot, a civilian, a British officer, and this fourth man dressed in the uniform of a British major. Now what can you tell us about him? British major? Yes, wearing crowns miss. Oh. Do you recall him, can you tell us what he looked like. I think so. He was very tall. I expect he was around 40. He sounded English. Oh fine, you were talking to him then. Oh no, no, no, no. I heard him speak before we went on the plane. Oh, I see. Well then perhaps you can remember something about him, some detail, some mannerism, or something. I am sorry, I did not notice him, I was very tired. I paid the man no attention. Oh that's too bad. Well if you do happen to remember anything about him later I'd appreciate it very much if you'd phone me at this number right here. I will Mr. Keen. Major Keen. Major dressed like that? Let's not worry about me. It's that man on the plane, that's the one I'm interested in. I am sorry that I can not be of more help. You see, the man did not give me his telephone number as you have, usually the men ask me for mine. I can believe that. Well now you will be here if we want to get in touch with you again? Here or at Marsotti's Club. I'm going to be working there soon. Why don't you drop by sometime? Well thank you very much. Might at that. Major Keen. Ms. Bergner. - Goodnight. - Goodnight miss, thank you. This is Dr. Buchmann's sanitarium. Who is it? Oh, good evening my dear. So? Dumetrius will not be pleased to hear that you have already been questioned. You said nothing of the photograph? I am no fool, Buchmann. Of course I said nothing. Did he check the address I gave you? Naturally it was correct. Yes, of course. Your Major Keen is not the only one who doesn't waste time. Dumetrius and Yotti left for a Bailey's Hotel two hours ago. If my head isn't gonna bounce up and down in the morning I'd better get a shower. Again? I've never met an English man yet who didn't spend more than half his life in the bathroom. Ow. Surely frightfully hold, top. I'll be seeing you pal. Ah, now where's my flash attachment? Now what did I do with that darn camera? Oh, there it is. Hey, that was a quick shower. Hey, who the devil are you. Leave it, find the camera. British officer. Right for the army captain who was on the plane with me. It's unfortunate. For him, yes. Get it. That's one photograph I admit they'll never develop. Godowski! Hey Godowski, wake up in there. Get him over here. Hey Godowski, open up. Probably snoring it off. Take a bomb to wake him. Well I hate to spoil his beauty sleep but this thing can't wait. Tell you what, go down and ask the night porter for his pass key. Okay. Put the knife in his hand. I do not finish him, as well? We'll let the law do that for us. Old fool didn't want to give 'em to me. This the one? Yes, that's right. Ah. He doesn't snore very loud, does he? Wait a minute. Smoke. Looks like there's someone else from that plane. Won't be able to give us a description. Don't smear the prints. Gen E Paratroop knife. Haven't seen one of those for years. Who are you, where's Godowski? Alright, just take it easy bud, Godowski's dead. Dead? But, but what happened? Well we were counting on you to tell us that. Who are you? What the devil's been going on here? My name is Keen. Of course now you don't really have to say anything unless you want to, but it would help if you could explain how it happens that Godowski's lying here stabbed to death. And you're over here with the room all torn apart and a paratrooper's knife in your hand. But I haven't got a knife, no. But you did have. I did? Yeah. Have a cigarette. Now maybe you feel more like talking. All I know is that I was in the bathroom and something clouted me on the back of the head. Oh now, you can come up with a better story than that. You can see the lump can't you? Yes, and I can also see the table that you fell against. Now what happened? Did you come back drunk and get into a fight? Don't be ridiculous, of course not. What were you doing here anyway? At Tempelhof you gave your address as Bobbing Hill, Kent. Well who the devil are you? Well I wouldn't start anything with Coutts. He's a tough one, even if he doesn't wear his green beret anymore. A commander, were you chump? Remind me to give you a workout sometime. It'll be a pleasure. Let's get to the point. What do you know about Carl Alexis Scamel? Scamel? Well if he was the chap on the plane not a damn thing. You don't feel like talking, eh? Oh for heaven's sake, are you gonna arrest me or not? That's usually what happens in the case of murder. Look, either you knifed Godowski in a drunken brawl or you have something to do with a man on a plane who called himself Scamel, now which is it? Did you say called himself Scamel? That's right, or Dumetrius. Well why don't you make up your mind. If you're trying to make us believe that he killed Godowski to keep Godowski from identifying him, why didn't he kill you too. Look here, do you mind if I get some clothes on, we talk things over down at the Yard. You are a detective, I suppose? American Intelligence, attached to M.I.5. No cloak, no dagger. And no gun, I hope. Watch him Coutts. Just gonna get my shirt. By the way, why don't you have a look at Godowski's camera. He had a new roll of film with only one exposure, Ms. Hedy Bergner, and I didn't remove it. Capture him Coutts! Down there, down the alley. Come on, down the front, we can cut him off. He's up in there, in that doorway. Alright, Ridgeway, come on out of there! Come on Ridgew... what are you doing here miss? What's your name? My name's Sally Jennings. I don't know if it's any business of yours what I'm doing. Well it is our business, we're looking for an escaped criminal. Well I haven't seen any escaped criminal. Well have you seen anyone at all come by here? No I haven't, only you two, and that's the reason why I dodged in here. Well I'm sorry if we frightened you, but it is late to be out. Well if you want to know I work in a nightclub, and I don't get home 'til now. And if it's you some convenience I'd like to be getting there. Well where do you live miss? Just 'round the corner, 24 Lartsbur Street if you must know. Would you like me to walk back with you, this bloke might be dangerous, you know. No thanks I can manage without a police escort. Neighbours might talk. Well it looks as though we've drawn a blank. Let's get Inspector Frand at the Yard to block off this area. What do you think you're doing? Be quiet. I don't want to have to hurt you, but I'm the fellow they're looking for. No need to half choke me. I'm sorry. Dear, let's have a look at you. Pete's sake put that out, you want them to come back for me? Don't worry, they won't. In any case, I'm not very partial to coppers myself. What have you done? Nothing. I'm in trouble up to my neck. You're not going to get very far by yourself. Hurt your leg, haven't you? It's my ankle. Busted something when I jumped back there. I'll be alright in a minute. Alright, he says. Well you can hardly stand. I'll be okay when I get a cab and find somewhere to go. That talks a duff. You'd pass out 'fore you got to the first cab ran. Come on. Where are you taking me? Home. Ah, Major Keen. Hi. I did not expect you, but do come in. Thank you. I'll admit this visit is a little irregular, but I didn't want you to have to come down to our office alone. I see, but why? This is a little difficult to know just how to put this, I don't want to upset you but, there's a possibility your life may be in danger. My life? But who would want to kill me? Someone who was on that plane with you yesterday. I do not understand. You know that young American, that took the photograph of you, he was stabbed to death last night. Oh no. And the film with your picture on it was destroyed. Oh, and you do not know who did it? No, one of the other passengers, Ridgeway, was there under very suspicious circumstances. And well we wanted to take him in, but unfortunately he got away. Oh, and you have not found him? Not yet. Of course it might have been the other man, Scamel. Oh, and he too has vanished? Not a trace. Oh, I, I am frightened. I mean, I'm alone here in a foreign country, I have no friends and I... Now that's the last thing I wanted to do was upset you, it's just that, well I wanted to warn you to keep your eyes open for Ridgeway or this other man, that's all. I'll tell you what I'll do, I'll post a man to watch your place here night and day. And if it's alright with you, well I'd like very much to take you down to Marsotti's Club myself. Oh you would be that kind to do that? You mustn't lose your nose so soon my dear friend. I admit, I made an error. I should have let Yotti have his way, and finished Ridgeway. And the other man? Mitchel? At the moment he's in Birmingham. He'd be well advised to stay there. I need only a few days to complete the business that's brought to me to England. I've destroyed Godowski, I've destroyed the photograph. Sooner or later Ridgeway must contact Hedy, it's his only chance to clear himself for the police. But does he know where? You should read the papers my dear friend. Her appearance at Marsotti's Club has been featured in most of them. And you think that he will... Walk into the trap? Yes, I shall send Yotti to the club. You really don't kill Ridgeway there. It would mean the police and they might find out about me. You mean about your little sideline? Don't worry, Ridgeway will have to be killed, but not there. He's the one person who could convince M.I.5. that Hedy is with us. And Hedy is the one person who cOuld lead them to me. Are you sure you're not exaggerating? About what? This character, Dumetrius. Well he's already killed two people, he certainly isn't playing for bottle tops. I wish I could help you, but I had such a hangover on the plane I wouldn't have noticed the bloke even if he had two heads. Oh no, four people and not one of you can come out with a word of sense. It's a bad show, I'm sorry. You mind if I have another lash at your whiskey? Oh, go ahead. Thanks. So now you're after Ridgeway? That's right. I think you're a darn fool. Well thanks for the benefit of your opinion. I know Ridgeway, he'd no more shove a knife into a man than I would. Forgive me if I'm not impressed. Look, if you think that I'm drinking too much of your whiskey I can always leave a quid on the mantelpiece. Oh that isn't what I mean. Don't you see, I was counting on you. Tell me, how can you ride all the way from Berlin on the same plane and not even see the man? Why should I? I'm not one of your intelligence spies chasing around with a false beard. All you blokes are the same, colonel this and major that, and all you can do in your spare time is to run a decent fellow like Ridgeway into the ground. Why don't you finish your whiskey and get back to Birmingham. I'm staying in town for a couple of days. I think Ridgeway needs someone, don't you? Look if you have any sense at all in that head of yours you'll keep out of this. Don't give me that. Until Ridgeway's off the hook I'm declaring myself in. You know last night I was sure there was something broken there. I rubbed Lilly mint into it for now while you were passed out. Now why you should have done all this for a complete stranger, and one wanted for murder at that, beats me. Why did you? I don't know. Plain beats me too. Maybe I've got too much internal instinct or something. Could be. You know you're gonna need some new clothes. If you give me the sizes I can pop out and get them. Ah, you'll need some money as well. There you are. Ta. Thank you. You know, what I don't understand is how whoever did it knew where to find Godowski. You'd only been in London a few hours. Through Hedy Bergner. Hedy Bergner. Yeah, she practically fell all over him at the airport to get his address. Why don't you go to Keen and tell him? With a rope around my neck? No thank you. Well you have to do something. I'm going to. I'm going after that red headed Delilah if I've got to search London for her. Well have the coppers in London are searching for you. Ah, she's my only lead. Listen Sally, Godowski was a good friend of mine but they murdered him and left me to swing for it. If I can frighten Hedy and make her talk I shall have something. Possibly a knife in your back as well. It's my only chance. I got to have something to nail 'em with. Something that I can take to Keen openly. Well, I must be daft to help you but you've not far to look. Well what do you mean? She's part of the new floor shirt at the feathers club where I work. What? And I could leave a side door open. This really has happened to us, hm. Tell me it's not a dream. No, it's real. At least on my part it is. And mine. And now, I think I almost knew last night as soon as you came in here. Me too. Funny, 24 hours ago I was just a man on a mission. And now? A man in love. Oh darling, stay in love, always. No chance of anything else. To think I waited so long for this, all my life. Yeah. Come to the club tonight darling. Bring Coutts if you think you should but, stay with me, hm. Every second of every minute. Did you like it darling? It was beautiful. Gypsy Rhapsody by Svorski, wasn't it? Yeah, it's a favourite of mine. I must go change my dress before the next number then I join you. Oh they're looking after you Sergeant Coutts? Yes, yes, fine thanks. You will wait for me? Of course I will. Yes, they're looking after me fine and after her too, it seems. What do you mean? The character by the door next to Marsotti, he's an old chum of mine. Who is he? A charmer by the name of Yotti Blum. He's one of the Forged Papers Brigade. Wonder what he's doing here. What's his nationality? Guess is as good as his. Shouldn't think he's got enough to show mom and dad. Probably formed in a sewer in Bucharest. Wonder if he might know anything about Ridgeway. Or something about Godowski. Why don't we pull him in and ask him. We might at that. You don't suppose he's one of Dumetrius' mob after Hedy do you? He might be one of Dumetrius' mob, but I don't think he's out to get her. What do you want? Peter Ridgeway. Surprised to see me? The man who killed the American. I might have to add you to my list if necessary. You must be mad. I want to know who killed Hank Godowski. Now I know you are crazy. You went to special lengths at the airport to get his address, who for? For me. Don't lie. You wanted his address so that someone could go to his hotel and kill him. No, that is not true. Did you tell your friend Keen downstairs that you knew where Godowski was going? He did not ask me. Godowski didn't even know himself until five minutes before the plane left Tempelhof. I saw the cable. You were the only one who could have passed the message on. Or you. It won't work Hedy. Either you tell me or I tell Keen. You would never give yourself up. I wouldn't need to. I've plenty of friends who could let him know. I could tell the Major myself that I asked for Godowski's address. Look a bit odd, won't it? If you suddenly remember. What are you going to do? I'll give you the night to think things over, but at midday tomorrow I should be waiting for you on the number two platform at Hyde Park corner. If you're not there, my next stop will be Keen. Don't bother to get up, I'll let myself out. After all, I let myself in. How about another drink Coutts? No thanks. Well stone me. What's the matter? This must be my night. I won't have a drink, thanks, but I could do with a packet of cigarettes. Oh here, I've got plenty. No, I meant a new packet. Sally Jennings. I wonder. What time does this place close? Two, I suppose. Why? Well she'll be busy then how would you like to go for a little walk over to 24 Lartsbur Street. Waiter. The check please. Someone must have let him through the side door. No one will know, Yotti, you're certain. Yeah, alright. I will come at once after the show. Miss, miss. You have perhaps some French cigarettes? Pardon, sir? French cigarettes. No I'm afraid not sir. These are very nice though. Ah, let me see. Do not worry too much about Keen. Your friend Ridgeway has been gone to hide elsewhere for a while. Who are you? Let us say just someone who is interested in the new employee here, Yotti Blum. These will do fine, thank you. You were right. These are Ridgeway's. Ah, it had to be. Don't see it helps us much though. What do you mean? It's not my place to criticise, but aren't we barking up the wrong tree a bit? Well we're looking for a murderer. That's the Yard's job. We're supposed to be looking for an impostor named Dumetrius. Exactly, but don't you see he won't make a move while Ridgeway is on the loose. See, you're using him as the bait. To draw Dumetrius out into the open, yes. Either Ridgeway is a fool or he's setting a trap for us. He is no fool, he found me. Yes, that in itself requires an explanation. Someone showed him the way to get in to your dressing room at the club. Yotti? It must have been at the side entrance. He did not come in at the front. I must check that staff catalogue. Ugh, what does it matter how he found his way in, this should never have happened. Hedy, sit down and listen. Ridgeway has signed his own death warrant. Tomorrow we shall finish what was not done at Bailey's Hotel. How, you do not even know where he is. Thanks to you I know where he will be. Number two platform, Hyde Park corner at midday tomorrow. And you want me... To be at the station? No. Yotti and his boys will form the reception committee. Yeah, we will. Do you see at the same time I want to convince our friend Keen that you can have no possible connection with us. How? Well first of all, you yourself are going to tell Keen about your encounter with Ridgeway, with certain emissions of course. I want no part of it. My dear don't force me to remind you that if you lose your nerve you cease to be of use to me. The world's full of beautiful women, many of whom would be glad of your opportunities, and with my knowledge of your past it would be as well to obey me. Alright. What do you want me to do? You will phone Keen at his office tomorrow morning and tell him you have news of Ridgeway. Get him to your flat and keep him there until 10 minutes past 12 exactly. Wait here Coutts. Not at the flat? This is near enough. But darling, why didn't you get in touch with me right away last night? When I came down from my dressing room you had already left the club. That's right. Me out looking for Ridgeway and all that time he's up there threatening you. I thought he was going to kill me like he killed Godowski. You know he could of, and gotten away with it too. Then if that isn't what he wanted why did he come to club at all? He must be crazy or something, hm. What did he want? Well he wanted to know what I had to say about the man on the plane. But that doesn't make sense. Why should he want to meet you again? Well maybe he wants to kill me down there at the underground, eh? Oh darling, whatever Ridgeway's cooking up he's finished. And he's not getting after you either. Darling I'm afraid. No, don't you worry, we'll take care of Ridgeway. Where did he say again? Uh Gloucester Road Platform number two. I'll get Frand to take care of it. May I use your phone? This is an emergency, Inspector Frand please. Frand, this is Keen, Crossbow. I'm in trouble. I want you to send every man you can spare down to Gloucester Road tube station. Yes, right now. Cover all entrances and exits. I want you to pick up Peter Ridgeway. Darling, do you really have to go to this rehearsal? I must. You do not think it is safe? Well no use taking a chance. Look, why don't you let Coutts and me drive you over. He's parked right down the street. No, no, no, you run along, I'll get a taxi, I'll be alright. You sure? Mhm. After him, Coutts! Here you are. Have a sip of this, you'll be alright. Darling it was a bluff then? All that business, he meant to get me here. Were you able to see who was driving though? I only caught a glimpse of him, but enough. I think it was Peter Ridgeway. My dear fellow it couldn't have been Ridgeway. At that precise moment he was being attacked on that platform at Hyde Park corner. Wait, where? Hyde Park corner. And for some reason or other you sent Frand's men off to Gloucester Road. I don't get it. I'm afraid I do, Keen. You're being fooled up to the limit. And it doesn't do to let your heart rule your head in this game. Hedy had nothing to do with it. I have a strong feeling that she was keeping you out of the way whilst the Dumetrius' thugs were trying to push Ridgeway under a train, unsuccessfully, as it turned out. She can't be working with Dumetrius, don't you see, they tried to kill her too, didn't they. Yes also unsuccessfully. That one was put on to your benefit. That's why she sent for you, to make sure you'd be there as a witness. Oh, I don't believe it. You don't want to believe it. Look you stand in the street and I'll take the buttons of your coat at 70 miles an hour as long as I know you're going to jump. Sir. I saw who was driving it. It was Yotti Blum. Yotti. Did you get the number? PYK388. It wasn't a false plate. How do you know? I checked at the Yard. Belonged to a Dr. Buchmann, at Fairview Road, Hampstead. And was reported stolen just after midnight. Yes, but anyone can make one mistake. And you've made yours Marsotti. When I engaged you to run that club I told you not to engage anyone who's papers I hadn't personally dealt with. But you don't think I give this cigarette girl a job only because... With your reputation since I dragged you out of the slums of Naples, nothing would surprise me. But, all the others, waiters, commissioner, they was all selected by you. Yes, except this girl. This Sally something. She's the only one who could have shown Ridgeway in by the side door. You wish me to question her? Wish? I order you. And I'm sending Yotti to help you. Between you find out where Ridgeway is now. Obviously this girl is in touch with him, and we've got to get him before Keen does. Ms. Bergner here? No. She came to rehearsal, but she's left. What about Marsotti, is he in? What do you want with him? That's my business. He has someone with him. I thought he might have. Through here, isn't it? It's private in there. It is? Look bud, don't try to stop me or you might get hurt. And if you start calling your little playmates you will get hurt. Now look, if you let this guy in then you know him, huh? Now, where is he? For the last time, I don't know and I wouldn't tell you if I did. Yotti has ways to make you talk. A nice young girl here, alone, with us. Don't you dare touch me. I touch you. - No, no! - Sit there baby. Now look, you let Ridgeway in, didn't you? You let him in, didn't you? She didn't let me in Marsotti. Who are you? It's Keen. Yah, now I give you a quick one, hm? Oh no you don't! You guys are out of shape. How about another round? Yeah, yeah we have one some night. And you, you finished a pulp. Yeah, sure. Santa Maria. Alright, save your crying woes out of you. Now that I think of it you can pay Sally her wages, she's leaving. You think I'd pay this... You bet you will, in cash too. How much do you get a week Sally? Seven pounds and tips. Alright, come on Marsotti, let's have it. Come on. Here take 10 pounds, it'll cover the tips. Alright, move. Get the keys Sally. So long you two heroes. And next time don't try to push girls around. And you can take that out of your salary. 24 Lartsbur Street. Well I think we were pretty lucky to get out of that mess in one piece. And how you happened to be there. I don't know what to say. I'm just glad I could be of help. It was horrible, the two of them against me like that. And I wouldn't have told them. You mean where Ridgeway is? That is what they were trying to find out, isn't it? I don't suppose you'd care to tell me, would ya? I guess it wouldn't be very fair. Let me tell you something about Ridgeway first. We know now that he didn't knife Godowski. He's absolutely in the clear. But we would like to keep him behind some iron bars. Why? For his own protection. I promised I wouldn't tell anyone. Oh now Sally, after that little argument back at the club just now I think you should be able to trust me, don't you? Oh come on now, where is Ridgeway? He's hiding out at Gade's Warehouse, East India docks. Ridgeway? Ridgeway? Jolly little devil. Put up the sign proceed with caution. And put up your hands as well, no don't turn around. I'm just behind you, armed. I plan to take him seriously. Walked right in to it, huh? Major Keen. I didn't recognise you from the back gentleman. A complete misunderstanding. I took you for Dumetrius' thugs. Who are you? A citizen of France, Paul Bonnet. Like you, I am seeking Dumetrius. But, let us go into the office and talk as friends. We were told Ridgeway was here, is he? Yes, what is more I have convinced him that Yotti Blum it was that murdered the American, and he has nothing further to fear from you. Well we both seem to be thinking along the same lines. Good, we shall not be disturbed here and I can tell you a good deal that will be of interest. You mean about Dumetrius? Yes. He is a man that I've hunted for many years. I have a personal quarrel with him that need not concern us here. He was a left tenant of Hindler and the guest of Foe. Go on. I followed him to Bucharest, Madrid, Marce, but always he escaped me. And then one day in Berlin I met a man. Yotti Blum, a professional murderer. But the commies aid, he knew what lead me to Dumetrius. And what brings them to London? That I also discovered in Berlin. Somewhere in this city is a huge treasure, to be precise 12 million American dollars. 12 million, good grief. Yes 12 million, almost of it. Some has already been passed through the banks without question. It is counterfeit, of course? Naturally. But not expertly. You recollect during the war that the Nazi consider the idea of ruining the English economy by printing fast quantities of spools and pans of England notes? Yes, but Intelligence cracked that plot before the money was ever distributed. Exactly, but that notion appealed to the Nazi, so they also printed huge quantities of American money. The Germans are masters of such technique. So you have a huge fortune in real American money somewhere in London. It is that that Dumetrius seeks. But he hasn't got it yet. No, he never makes a move until he has covered his tracks. 'Til he's sure that no one can identify him. That is the danger to Peter Ridgeway. Who can describe him, eh? Might be an idea to have him in. Oh it's alright, he's in the clear with us. That right, Major? Sure, come on let's talk to him. Peter, it is safe. You come now. Your task is very simple Marsotti. At exactly 4:15 I want you to telephone Gade's Warehouse, East India dock, and ask for Peter Ridgeway. And then? Tell him that Sally Jennings, your former cigarette girl, wants to talk to him urgently. But I cannot get this girl, she's gone from here. I know that is of the slightest importance. All I need is for you to have him hang on to that telephone for at least three minutes. I should ring it at 4:15, huh? Not one minute before or after. Understood? Sure, sure, you want to check my watch? Well I must say my leave has been most enjoyable so far. I've been hit on the head, accused of murder, hidden in basements and warehouses, pushed under trains, and now you want me to spend the rest of my leave in gaol? Better there than in a coffin, Peter. Yes I know, but I wish you'd hurry up and catch this Dumetrius fellow. I want to see at least one show before I go back to Germany. We'll try to accommodate now that we have your description of him it may help. How difficult it is to locate the money. Where that is, there will come Dumetrius. I will answer it. Hello, hello. Who is this? Ah, one moment. It is for you Peter, Sally Jennings with an urgent message. Sally, ringing here? Oh it's probably from Digby Mitchel. Thank you. Hello? No miss, don't cut me off, I'm waiting for somebody. Coutts, stay away from that window. Must have come from the rooftop across the street. Oh dear, can we not harp him, huh? Not a chance in that rabbit world. You alright Ridgeway? Yes, apart from a slight desire to be sick. They parted my hair but they didn't score a goal. Stay away from that window, they may try a second shot. Don't worry, I have every intention of doing so. Fun, fun. Coutts I got it, this is exactly what we've been waiting for and what Dumetrius has been waiting for. Let's get Mullins at the press department. Ah, dearest day, how charming of you to wait. Not at all, I've just been passing time with the paper. Dreadful thing this here office has murder. Most distressing, the world seems to be full of crooks these days. It does indeed, Mr. Rubenstein. It is Max Rubenstein? At your service, my dear fellow. And now what can I do to oblige you. I believe you have a John Ramey, a Madonna and group. Now I don't know Ramey well, tell me about him. Well he is not without merit you know. The Madonna belongs to his second period. Some say it is not his best work, but it's far from being his worst. Then the price should be a reasonable one. I should like to pay with American dollars. Where are they? Yanis? What did you say? My name is Max Rubenstein. Your name is Armal Yanis. You are a collaborator, were you not? An informer for the Gestapo, outwardly posing as a hero for the Free French Resistance. Is not true, there is no proof. I'm Max Rubenstein. I have papers. I have papers too. I obtained them from the Gestapo headquarters in Berlin. Would you like me to send them to the Paris authorities? Your countrymen have long memories. It will mean they kill a team, you know. I do not believe you Mr. Delahey. Where are these papers? Here, read them. There's even a note from Himler to say nothing of your photograph. So you know it all. Exactly, where is the money? What matter of man you take me for. For years I have risked death and torture to get this money. I played side against side and I survived while the agents of 10 countries searched for it. You really think I would give it up so easily now? I'm sure you would. For say half, I'm a reasonable man. You don't understand, I'm only the custodian I have partners. Any one of them would kill me if I betrayed them. I know them too. Meyer in Paris, Ruber in Rome, Carti and Fasha in Madrid. They wouldn't seek revenge on a dead man. So, you intend to kill me? Would that be wise without the secret? In Berlin I disposed of somebody because he happened to bear a superficial resemblance to me. His name was Scamel. You mean... That it could happen again? Yes. I have the good fortune to command the services of a number of displaced persons whose papers I forged. One of them could be made to resemble you. Who exactly are you? My name is Dumetrius. Dumetrius. Your reputation is known to me my dear fellow. This thing would have to be arranged with finesse. It could be arranged with finesse for 12 million dollars. And instead of your share being a one fifth it would be one half. And how would you arrange it? You have a country house up Crabtree in Norfolk. On the way to it the lane takes a difficult bend round the top of a disused quarry. Ah, I'm flattered by the attention you have paid me. I believe in being informed. You will have an exit and as you fail to round that bend in your car. Excellent. I shall of course have to insist on seeing this man first and also I'll be present at the exhibit. Obviously. And so you shall see that man. At Dr. Buchmann's house, the Lottos Fairview Road, Hampstead. Shall we say tomorrow, three o'clock? I will make a note of it. And now as proof of your good faith I should like to see... The money, but of course. The John Ramey, to which you were referring, will find of some interest. 12 million. Well, six each. What can I say? For the first time in my life I have met a man who can give me real love and now it's too late. Oh save it darling. I am in love with you darling, that at least you must believe. How can I believe it? God knows I'm in love with you Hedy, but can't you see that everything you've ever said to me has been a lie? Ah, they all warned me. Coutts, Fentriss, Mitchel. But I wouldn't believe them. And now Ridgeway, he has opened your eyes. That's right. You had agreed to meet him at Hyde Park corner. No, no, darling it was Gloucester Road. No, save it. You said Gloucester Road so I'd send the police there while Yotti Blum tried to kill him at Hyde Park corner. I was afraid he would tell you. About getting Godowski's address at the airport? Yeah, now that's something you didn't tell me even after they left, why not? 'Cause I was afraid. Afraid of what? You. Me? You represent authority. I grew up in Vietnam, before the Auschwitz, when I was a little girl. I was chased by the hoodlums in the street while the police laughed. My father, he was a concert musician, and they broke his hands and made him work in the stone quarries. We were hounded and impoverished because we were against the dictatorship. I grew up afraid of authority. Can't you understand that darling? Yes, I can understand all that. But what about that car that nearly ran you down? You said it was driven by Ridgeway, when actually it was driven by Yotti Blum, who takes his orders from Dumetrius. What can I say now? There's nothing to be said, it's too late. Quite a reasonable likeness. How useful to be able to find such a type. There were times when the forged paper business was tedious but it's paid dividends. And now, the rest of your plans? You and I will leave for Norfolk in your car. We'll have this fellow with us. When we arrive at the quarry we'll dispose of them both and return to your gallery. How? Yotti Blum with follow in Buchmann's car and wait for us on the main road. The marks of a second set of tyres 'round the quarry wouldn't do. Naturally. The position as I see it is this, in a few hours time, to all intents and purposes you will be dead. You'll no longer have four partners to take into consideration. You and I will divide the money. And go our seperate ways. Are we so busy we can not call on our solicitors and draw up a deed of partnership? We already have an official agreement. If you fail me I can always tell the French Embassy about you. If I fail you, you now know my London headquarters, my only hideout. I'm afraid my precautions have been more elaborate. If I am not alive in 24 hours from now and report of my accidental death has not been published in the morning papers a full account of myself and my dealings with you will go to the authorities. Why have you done this? Just in case you should have decide to kill me out of hand, here. Before you've given me the combination to the Madonna? My dear fellow. True, that knowledge is my insurance. But in the event of anything happening to me it will be Scotland yard who will collect the money, and who will pay a visit here. The police must not come here. Quiet Buchmann. So, we appear to be in one another's hands. Precisely. If what Monseigneur Bonnet tells us is true, and I see no reason to doubt it, we have mighty few hours left to clear this thing up. Now that he believes Mr. Ridgeway to be dead he will move quickly to obtain the money. This thing's on an international level. Believe you me, the United States government are going to take a pretty dim view of our security if we let some rat slip through our fingers with 12 million phoney dollars. We could have Interpol warn the banks. There'll be no need for that. That load is never going to leave this country. And neither is Dumetrius. We should have held Yotti Blum. No Keen, you should have held Hedy Bergner. And not in your arms either. I'd have staked my life on her. How many more lives do you propose to stake? Not in it. Who got Godowski's address? Who lied about Ridgeway? Who worked for Marsotti, the character who was bullying a girl with the help of Yotti Blum? No Keen, she's part of a gang. A gang led by a man who's butchered his way half across Europe. And whom it's up to you to get. You are quite sure the police will discover the accident quickly? I've already made arrangements. Would have been better to wait 'til nightfall for one of these charming English fogs. Better excuse for losing my way. I shall literally wait until after dark before I inform them, by which time I hope to be on my way to Portugal. You're quite sure this fellow will not regain consciousness? Buchmann's given him an injection of Sodium Pentothal, he won't disturb us. Meanwhile, a few personal trinkets. Cigarette case, wallet, and some Christopher to speed him on his journey. I commend you on your caution Mr. Yanis. Now help me get him out of the car. Now the wallet. Should we put the lights on? Night, remember. They'd be smashed anyway, but please yourself. Pity to sacrifice such a splendid car but you'll be able to buy any number of them to replace it. But you, my friend, will buy nothing. So, you've decided to make other arrangements? I did. Did you really think I would let you touch one frank of that money? I shall remember you with gratitude my dear fellow for providing me with the means of avoiding my partners and getting away with not one fifth nor one half of the loot, but all of it. Gassner! Quickly. Get the things back into his pocket. Now, get him into the driving seat and start the car. Quick, the keys. Right, latch off, let her go. Come on. Get it out Yotti. It's heavy. So it should be with 12 million dollars. You have seen it? I've seen it Yotti. Now get it to the car and come back here a minute. It's only taken a minute. We look at 12 million, eh? Why not? Here. Got me, oh my! Newspapers. So he fooled you at the last. You should have killed him here at the first day, like I said. But no, you are saying Yotti do this, Yotti do that. Kill Scamel, kill Godowski, kill Ridgeway. No is for nothing. You unclean cretin. You come from the sewers where you are bred and you raise your voice at me now. One more speech like that and I'll kill you too Yotti. There is no need. Now they come for us here and we hang. Wait, I kept his wallet. A ticket for the left luggage office at Victoria Station. One trunk. Then this one... Is a substitute. Very alike, entered the same, but not the one we want. We go now to Victoria? Yes, before Rubinstein's report reaches Scotland Yard. The Norfolk police found the body about one AM and this arrived 10 minutes ago. I am, perhaps, intruding? Far from it Monseigneur, after all it was a fellow countryman of yours, Armal Yanis, who wrote this. Yanis of the Resistance? And it seems of the fifth column. No. However he provides us with two vital clues. First of the money contained in a large black trunk painted with two white bands is in the left luggage office at Victoria. And the second? That the London headquarters of these people is, or rather was, Dr. Buchmann's sanitarium, Fairview Road, Hampstead. That was where that car came from. The one Blum drove with Ms. Bergner. It was reported stolen, remember? I only hope this hasn't arrived too late. They've got several hours start on us, but we may get them yet. Keen you and Monseigneur Bonnet get up to Hampstead and go armed. A precaution I usually take, as Major Keen knows. Yeah that's the car alright, the one that nearly ran down Hedy. Perhaps they have not yet flown. We'll soon find out. Come on, let's try around the back. It would seem we are too late. Wait a minute. Even their own people. And with his own hypodermic. Had we not better search the rest of the house? Right. Stick around down here, I'll have a look upstairs. Not a soul, not even a patient. But I think perhaps a clue. Hm, what do you mean? You are a musician, Major Keen? This music it is of Svorski, the Gypsy Rhapsody. The piece she played at the club. Exactly. But an additional bar has been added, and quite recently I think. Let me see. Andante Moderato. GADE. Look at these marks. AMAT, M at GADE, gade. Gade? I have it, Gade's Warehouse, where I hid Ridgeway. The last place they'd expect us to follow them. Berlinski signalled, the boat will be at the wharf in 10 minutes to take us across the river. It will not be easy with this trunk. You will never get out of this building. Why not? Because Keen and his men will hunt you down. Keen loves me and he will find me. Keen will never see any of us again. He doesn't even know that we're here. What's that? Seal off that entry men. Whoever's over there. And cover the rear. So, Yotti was right. Only you could have betrayed me. This Keen was her lover, now I will kill her. No, I'd like the last pleasure of hearing him plead for her life. Keen has come for me, but he has come for you too. You have failed, you have nothing left. You can't even make me afraid of you. Nothing you can do can make me frightened of you, not anymore. Quickly Yotti. Here Yotti, your property. Stay where you are Keen. One move from you and she gets it. Let her go Dumetrius. This way. One more step and I'll let her have it. I'm warning you. Keen, come back! She's here, waiting for you Keen. Get the main gates open, I'll turn the brigade. My darling. Hold me tight. Hedy. Look, on the roof. Alright Keen? Yup. So you got him in the end? He got Hedy. I'm sorry Keen, damn sorry. At least we can close the file on Dumetrius.