Do you want subtitles for any video? -=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=- There's too much here. Whatever next, an honest man! That's your bonus. Thanks. I've always been here, you know? I think he needs a sideline. Have you been to Ireland? I've never been anywhere. Well, um, you know, in Ireland, the pubs are always like something else as well, like, a butchers or hairdressers-- The fucking roller coaster is driving me crazy. Now, what the hell is it going around for, anyway? It's reopening and they have to test it. They're testing it, for what? It's opening again after the accident, they have to make sure that it's safe. What's funny about that? She knows. Tell him. Nothing's safe out of season. What do you mean? She means we all go a little crazy. That's what she means. So this is a gravity ride, which means that once we get to the top of the first hill, our journey is in the hands of Mr. Isaac Newton. I think he was a sir. Oh, really? I didn't even know he was dead. Isn't this cozy? So this is my super-secret tree house. Emergency stop. So at least I gave you something to remember about it. A little excitement. Oh, no. I thought you'd be long gone by now. Um... Look, I need a job. Anything will do. That's a dangerous thing to say in this town. Somebody might take it as your word. I have nothing 'till Christmas. I think you should show him some excitement. Why? Because that's what he likes. And I like him, and I want him to stay. Look, I've done my bit. You wanna keep him here as your plaything, fine. Do it yourself. What if I had more money? But you don't. So, what do you have? I've been with the bank a long time, Michael, and I've never had to talk to you or your father about your repayments. Fact is, the powers that be are getting a little bit nervous. There's no need. Well, that isn't exactly how they see it. What they see is 60 acres of prime commercial land they can foreclose on. I can hold them at bay, but not much longer. There's no more until we reopen the coaster. That'll do nicely. You know what your problem is, Michael, you don't mind me saying so? That wife of yours. She's hemorrhaging your money. Women, can't live with them, can't kill them. Time flies when you're having fun, huh? There's someone I think you should meet. He's kind of a weird character, lives in a hotel. That's where you can find him, either there or in church. You're putting something in or taking something out? Neither, I was just looking at this. You're Simeon, right? Come on. We can't talk business in the Lord's house. So... Kelly tells me you're looking for work. Yeah. I know everything's done. Mm-hmm, that's tough. But, you know, ever since I was an altar boy, I've loved the taste of communion and alcohol. To me, they're like genius and madness, so far apart and practically the same thing. Look, Pierre, here's the deal, I can give you some work. Pocket money kinda stuff, get you through the winter, though. What kind of jobs? -Why do you ask? -Well, are they legal? Are you bothered? Well, that depends. On what? On what they pay. What's your price, Pierre? How much would it take for you to steal, huh? To break a man's legs? To kill someone? You'll be a lookout for me, that's all. Relax, I'm just... ...having a little bit of fun. I'll pay you 100, 100 a job. Why are you helping me? Your cause appeals to my charitable nature. And Kelly's a friend. Here... ...something for the collection basket. So what do I do? Just keep watch while I load up Hopalong stock delivery. Go home in about an hour. Hey! Thieves are one thing, but fucking vandals I really hate. About to be beaten with my own hammer? That's outrageous. Send it over here. Send it over here now! Don't you burglars have your own weapons? I'm not a burglar. You're a little early for the milkman, son. Look, I'm sorry, okay? Well, I'm sure you are sorry. The question is would you be sorry if I hadn't caught you? Yeah, I don't know. You've been in the bar. -What's your name? -Pierre. Pierre. Well, that's a talking point straight away. -Pierre? -Look, it's just a name, okay? that's where you're wrong. My name, Harry, that's just a name. But Pierre? Pierre is a statement. So what were you looking for? - Money. - Aren't we all? You ever been to jail, Pierre? No. Well, I have. I don't think you're gonna like it there. It eats away at your soul being on the inside looking out, and one day... ...you have no soul left. Please. No. Don't. Whatever I tell you from now on, just remember this, Pierre, a loaded gun will ruin your life. And quite probably, someone else's. Can I go now? In a minute. As soon as I think you know everything you did wrong. Stealing from you was wrong. Wrong. Standing in the street light was wrong. Working with a clumsy dickhead that thinks stealing a couple of cases of whiskey from my back shed is a big deal, is very wrong. Breaking glass, noisy. Therefore, very wrong. Having a weapon that you're not prepared to use, wrong. Drinking on the job, wrong. Not noticing that I've turned on the flashing lights so I, the man with a gun, could see you better, wrong. Leaving your filthy prints everywhere, huh? That's wrong, wrong and wrong again. It's a home shopping catalogue of errors, Pierre. In fact, trying to steal is the only thing you got fucking right. Now, come on. Huh? Glory days of American craftsmanship, 1969 Cadillac Deville, six point two liters of heaven. Let's take it for a spin. I can't drive anymore. This lump of meat they call a leg can't work the pedals. Where are we going? Just enjoy the ride, Pierre. It's a Magical Mystery Tour. You're a lousy thief, Pierre. You don't have the heart. Look, what exactly do you want from me? I wanna help you. Yeah, well, let me go. That'll help me just fine. Well, I can't do that, Pierre, because I've let too many things go in my time. So, what happens now? What happens now? I teach you. And what are you gonna teach me? I'm gonna teach you how to steal, Pierre. In the winter, people hate this place. But where I come from, they'd cut off their arm to live here. I'm alive here, you know that. This is my home. This is my home. A cigarette? -Yeah. -No. You can buy your own, now that you've found a job. Coincidence, isn't it? You finding work in Harry's bar after we-- Yeah, yeah, I was thinking that myself. So what? You don't need my help anymore? No, but I wanna thank-- You know what, Pierre? I don't believe you. There are no jobs here, and Barlow and his fucking bar are dying on their feet, so let me tell you this, sunshine, if you have any bright ideas about getting into my line of work, you better think again. Otherwise, you'll find yourself laid off pretty fucking quickly. I don't know how you're doing this, depressing little cell. It suits me here. No mortgage, no cleaning. Look where that stuff got you. If I want a conversation with you, I'll pay for it. How about if I pay you? Don't be stupid. I'm serious. All right. What do you say to him when you are here? I don't gotta tell him anything. Next question. Don't you dream of a life away from him? I don't dream much. You, uh... You've got the life insurance? I do. Then I have a suggestion. Which is? Ah, now you're asking the questions. What do you suggest? Kill him. You're a fucking idiot. How? It will take careful planning. And we need to talk to the financiers of it all. Start talking. Ten thousand cash up front. That's a lot of money. Fucking hell, lady! It is a lot of money if you find it in the street. Are you trying to tell me that it's too much money to snuff out a God-given life? There's just one condition. I wanna look at his eyes when he dies. I suppose that means it's too late for marriage guidance. What's the question? No question. That's a tip. I wanna look at his eyes when he dies. I was a ghost. I was the greatest jewel thief in Chicago. I worked for the families. Nothing got lifted without their permission. And when it did, it was me. I did the lifting. So how come you ended up here? I took a bullet on the job. I had an early retirement on medical grounds. My testimonial year. Testimonial? After a period of loyal service, um, a family would let you go out and do some for yourself, but, uh, this ended that. But I'll tell you, son... ...there's not a night since that I haven't, uh, looked down into the darkness, and dreamed about going out one more time. So now I do it for you? No, no, no. We do it together. I'm the brain, you're the body. You really think I can do it? Yeah, with my help. Just one job? Just one. And no one gets hurt? Any sign of that, we stop. If we're gonna do this... ...there's something I need. What? I'm gonna need a really cool nickname. Time to get up and start the day. I was working late. Ooh, overtime. Lucky boy. You know, I've been thinking, maybe I ought to keep hold of your wages for you. You know, for safety's sake. We'll just think about it. I mean, how much do you earn? Well, we haven't discussed my salary yet. I don't think that you're being entirely frank with me, Pierre. Well, my job comes with hidden benefits. Oh, you mean like airline stewardesses get to travel the world for free, and people who work in chocolate factories get to eat anything they want? I'll find out. Yes, I think you probably will. Five lever Mortice, most common household lock available, still one of the toughest. You pick that lock blindfolded, and you're pretty close to being ready. Of course everyone thinks the most difficult part is getting in, but getting out is far more important. * Gotta make time I think we'll just work on getting in, shall we? You know, locks are like women, there's not one of them the same, and not all of them are worth getting into. You gotta be gentle, you gotta be patient. If you pick the right one... * And when it comes down to opinion * ...rewards will last a lifetime. * Exactly where I stand We're only after one thing. -Cash, right? -Jewelry, but always leave the wedding rings. Mr. and Mrs. Greedy will be more than happy to overclaim on their insurance policy. * We go 50/50. And everything you steal, son, that's your wages. Well, I accept. Let's shake on that. Ugh. * Gotta make time, Lord Stop there, nothing more. * 'Cause when I hit the groove I get the feeling * It's a filthy habit and they can smell you coming a mile away. * You're trying to swallow up all your dad's pills * * But they won't set you free * It's a letdown * And I'm the only man here can do that, dear * * Come see and you'll believe That's fantastic. * You see, a man's gotta know his limitations * * You take it just so far You watch the house for 20 minutes. Any sign of life, any sign at all, you start again. You never ever move. * So c'mon now, it's alright * People waste time Gotta make time, Lord * * People waste time Gotta make time, Lord * * 'Cause when I hit the groove I get the feeling * * I stand up and I show I'm self-believing * Hey. Hi sweetheart. You know how to brighten up a dull day. You okay? I need my pocket money, Daddy. Well, call the bank, maybe your monthly payment didn't come through. No, it came through. I just need some more. Okay. This is all I have. That'll do. This is the address where I'm staying with a friend. You can write me with more when you have it. Kelly. I love you. You know that, don't you? You wanna know what I know? I hate her. And from the moment you chose her over me, I've hated you too. Is that what they call blood money? What are you doing here? Going straight, looking for work. Speaking of which, how's your little plaything? He's fine. As a matter of fact, I'd say you have a rival. Professionally or personally? Don't flatter yourself, loser. What the fuck? Oh yeah, right, just make yourself at home. Hello, do I know you? Yes, you do. We're related by marriage. What? I'm fucking your wife. * Love, love and devotion * Love and devotion Alone at last. You've been ignoring me. Yeah, well, I've been busy here. A man too busy for love, Pierre, is a man who has lost his way in life. Dirty glasses. You must be Hopalong Harry, burglar by proxy. You fucking told her? Of course he told me, Harry. True love knows no secrets. She's my friend. Fuck her. I am his accomplice. And I've been supplementing your lessons with a little extra homework. And I find that very exciting. My fucking God. I think he's jealous. * Love and devotion There's just one condition... I wanna look at his eyes when he dies. Obviously, this is distressing news, but I believe in presenting a potential client with a solution rather than a problem. You need a painless and inexpensive divorce. This is the evidence you need to get it. What's inexpensive? Ten grand. I'll have to get back to you. You know you'll have to get rid of her. - Why? - Why? Because women are a distraction, son. You know, that might be a problem if I was still learning. But I'm not, I'm ready. You're nowhere near ready. Burglary is an art form. It takes total dedication. What do you think I've been doing these last two weeks? I mean, how many fucking locks do I have to pick? As many as I tell you to. You think you're ready after a couple of weeks? You're ready to mug old ladies, yes. You're ready to hold up liquor stores, maybe. But to burgle? I don't think so. It took me ten years to get to the top. Yeah, and one second to get crippled for life. It was an accident. Right. So you can never be fully prepared, can you? I don't want anyone to get hurt. Look, Harry... ...you know, this is-- this is getting exciting. Tie it tight. Is it tight enough for you? Come on. Wait for the cripple. Don't worry, son. Like all great art, it's 99% preparation. And 1% perspiration. No, you see, it's just a trial run. I get in, get out, take nothing. What a waste. Oh well, I've packed everything for you, anyway. Rope, glass cutter, flashlight, tools, and that funny sucker thing. Have a nice day at the office, dear. You point this at someone, they'll do what you say. Can I get you a mercy bullet? You put this in, there'll be an emergency. You are a burglar, Pierre. You're not a murderer. When you're sure it's safe, get rest. Scratches means there's a dog. No scratches, it doesn't mean there isn't one. If there's an alarm, there'll be a box. The internal sensors are usually six feet or higher on the vertical angle of the walls. At any sign of an alarm, go up. They never were in the bedrooms. Oh, know your enemy. Do a head count. Whatever you do, son, stay in control. This is the most exciting thing I've ever done, Harry. I have to be honest, but for one of us stealing from-- I mean, this is what life's all about, isn't it? Taking risks. No, it's about not taking them. So when do we do it for real? She's gonna get down there. Who? Whoever has anything worth stealing from in this place. What are you looking for, Pierre? I'm just looking for the chance to really live life before I die. Just to feel energy and some purpose, some desire. Just to-- just to feel anything which really tells me I'm alive. Well, I meant what were you looking forward to steal? Um, diamonds, jewels, maybe some cash, you know, the usual suspects. Mm-hmm. And Harry can help you with that part. Not with that part, no. So I guess he doesn't have all the answers after all. Man, God, don't you just love him? You know, I might be able to help you after all. How? I might just know somebody. And who might that be? Well, if I told you, then you'd be choosing me over Harry, wouldn't you? Okay. Who? My daddy. Get out of my room. Why do you bother coming back here? I told you I'm gonna keep coming back until I get what's mine. You've had all that's yours, and more. Let's call a truce in this war. You've bled me dry. Not half as much as I'd like to bleed you. Well, maybe you'll get your chance. Well, maybe I will. What the fuck! So what have you been up to, -Pierre? -Get the fuck off me! How have you been feeling the long winter hours? Anything exciting been happening to you? No. That's not what I hear. Let me tell you a parable, Pierre. This little piggy went to market, this little piggy stayed at home, this little piggy had roast beef, and this little piggy had none, and this little piggy... This little piggy is you, Pierre. This little piggy went all the way home. And you best go home too, Pierre. Or next time, I'll break your fucking neck. You didn't have to hurt him. I know I didn't, but I wanted to. Besides, how am I supposed to know what he's up to if you don't visit me anymore? He's not up to anything. Yeah, but now he is. You're a pig. Thanks. You like him, don't you? Maybe. What is the attraction? What is the alternative? You stick with the Wicked Witch of the West. That's not the way to speak of your mother. Hey, my mother died 20 years ago. That woman is no more related to me than you are. Oh, my fucking heart, please. Are you finished? No, I'm not finished. I want you to get back the stuff you stole. Otherwise, I go to the cops. A bit of a problem talking to the cops with your lipstick stamp. Then again... ...I'd say you'll still be able to talk okay. You can have half of his money. I already have. So Fraser, I-- I've looked at the figures myself, but I thought I should then run them by you. What-- what it boils down to is that I need to borrow $10,000. Say what? I need to borrow $10,000. Can I ask why? Yeah. But you won't tell me. That's right. Well, Michael, I'm afraid you no longer have any credit with this bank. However, I could offer you a, uh, personal loan. In fact, let me rephrase that. I could offer you a personal investment. I'll give you 10,000, Michael. In exchange for what? Ten percent of the park. But this park has been in my family for, for 100 years. Better 90% than no percent. Can you hold off the bank for another year? It's my bank. Draw up the papers. Skipping stones, reminds me of when I was a kid. You ever skipped stones with your dad? What are we doing here, Harry? Well, I thought we'd take a day off, you know. Give us a chance to do... ...something different together. I don't wanna do something different. I wanna-- I wanna keep working. Well, fine, we're here. Skip some stones with me. Relax. Come on. What? You heard me. Skip a stone. Well, what's wrong with your throwing? Nothing. Well, then give it another shot. Oh son, that's not nothing. That's definitely something. A burglar's hands are his most important tool, Pierre. It's fine. Well, if it's fine, then-- then skip a stone for me. You were trying to hide that from me. I am your teacher. I am your partner, and you try to hide that from me? No, we better call this off before you get hurt or I get hurt, I mean really hurt. You know, I'm giving you the choice to do something. It's something you want. You just gonna turn your back? What are you, are you a coward now, Harry? Yeah, you're scared, but so am I. No. Now, I'm not gonna end up like you. Yeah, I'm gonna do it. So what about it, Harry? You're just gonna walk away? You may talk the talk, but you can't walk the fucking walk, can you? Fuck you! There's a storm coming. Seems fine to me. Well, something in the air. It may not happen for a week or two, but it'll definitely happen. You know, all those people who come here, waves and waves of them, and we think we're so much better than they are. But when the season's over, and they go back to their squalid little lives, we're the ones who are left to face reality. So we close up, and we go a little bit crazy. Trying to get through another winter. Sometimes we look for someone or something to help us... ...pass the time. You mean me? Mm-hmm. But somehow, you're different. How am I different, Kelly? I don't know. Maybe I love you. Maybe that's it. I've never really loved anyone before, so I don't really know, but I think... I think maybe that's it. I paid Simeon to steal your things to keep you here. He took half your money, but the rest of it is still all here. So now you don't need to steal anymore. Sometimes what you need, and what you want are different things. Once upon a time, there was a low-life petty thief called Harry Barlow, and Harry was nothing special. Harry robbed old ladies, parked cars. He was a ghost. No, I'm afraid not. I did two years of the ghost. He was dying, but he taught me everything that I'll ever know. Why are you telling me this? Because it's fucking important. Truth be told, Harry was a coward. He used a gun in whatever job he went on. You wanna know the only time... ...that that gun was ever fired, Pierre? The only time the fucking gun was even loaded? It was two weeks after I got out, I'd sworn to Molly, there'd only be one more job, and it'd be a big one. And we'd be set for life. I knew it was against all the rules, but you gotta understand I was way out of my depth. I was fucking terrified. And I swear, that I turned away... ...for maybe three seconds. The bullet took out my knee. I couldn't do anything but lay there... ...looking at him, thinking how beautiful he looked. Every moment of every day in my life since... ...I've been in that room looking at him. If he were still alive, I think he'd be a lot like you, Pierre. I'm sorry, I-- You know, there's one more thing I have to teach you, Pierre. There's no such thing as a happy ending. Make it look like a robbery. When he's tied up, you can give him the last rites, then I'll kill him. Make it two weeks from today. Why? Coaster reopens, there'll be cash in the safe. And one more thing, I want you both in the same room where I can see you. I haven't slept with him for years. And why? Men will fuck anything. So the roller coaster reopens two weeks from today. There'll be cash in the safe as well as jewelry. And you know the combination? I might. Write it down for me. I might. It'll be two weeks today. Jesus, you scared me. You love all this cloak and dagger stuff, don't you? You're looking at a lot more dagger than cloak, my friend. Have you made up your mind? Tell me your plan. Tell me I can have my ten grand. You can have your ten grand. She wants it to look like a robbery. After she's lured you into her web, and the two of you have reconciled as true lovers do, I break in and I cut your throat then I tie her up, and I'm history. But you obviously have other ideas. Obviously. I'll tie you loose so you can slip the knots. If my money is in the safe, then you can have the tape. Why do we have to go through all this? Why don't I just give you the ten grand, and you give me the tape? I'm greedy. I know what's in the safe and I want what's in the safe. We, uh... ...we could even slap her around a bit. That won't be necessary. Please yourself, but she likes that kind of thing, you know? No, you don't, do you? Let me just tell you one thing that if I come to any harm whatsoever, I will be mailing a letter to the only person I trust to be opened in the event of any injury I suffer, and it will name you as being responsible. The plot thickens. Indeed, it does. ...murderers and the immoral, and those who practice witchcraft, and idol worshipers, and all liars, their doom is in the lake that burns with fire and Sulphur. These are my friends. Don't you trust me? Five thousand dollars. We agreed ten. We didn't agree anything. You'll get the rest when the job is done. Thy will be done. It always is. Now as they say... ...business before pleasure. Is this working? Um, Mr. Mayor, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming out on such a cold night. Uh, you know, when my great grandfather opened his first ride here in 1910, he had no idea that it would blossom into the great park that we see here today. Um, now after a short, unfortunate interlude, um, I am delighted that we can reopen our feature attraction here tonight in such grand style. So, if one of you would care to... Ta-da! And then now, I'd like to ask my daughter, Kelly Phillips, to perform our simple ceremony. Gosh, you guys all look so small down there. And the way you're looking up at me like your queen really makes me laugh. Anyway, before we go, I do have one final duty to perform. And that is to declare this shit heap of a ride in this shithole of a town, open. * Thy was the sunrise * Lighting the sky * Casting its shadows near * And on this morning * Bright though it be * I feel those shadows near me * But you are always * Close to me * Following all my ways * May I be always * Close to you * Following all your ways * Lord * I watch the sunlight * Shine through the clouds * Warming the earth below * And at the mid-day * Life seems to say * I feel your brightness near me * * For you are always * Close to me * Following all my ways * May I be always * Close to you * Following all your ways * Lord * I watch the sunset * Fading away * Lighting the clouds with sleep * * And as the evening * Closes its eyes * I feel your presence near me * For you are always * Close to me * Following all my ways * May I be always * Close to you * Following all your ways * Lord - Have you got the tape? - Back off! Do you want me to tie him up? It doesn't feel right, something's wrong. I can't believe this. He sent someone else. What did I expect? You pay with peanuts, you get monkeys. Will you shut up? You double-crossing murderous bitch. What are you doing? -The fuck are you doing? -Oh! Get down on the floor! -Nothing will happen, okay? -Don't. Get over there. You stay over there. Don't shoot, don't shoot. I cha-- I changed my mind, just take the-- the money and your-- All I want is the jewelry, okay? Do it. Kill him. I don't know what the fuck is going on here, but you better keep quiet. Well, is this a real robbery? Exciting. Where is the jewelry? Son of a bitch! Okay, come on. Here. Come on. Get down. That's my engagement ring. Tell me where the rest is and you can keep it. Honestly, I don't know. Shut up, Michael! Although I could be lying. I want you to think real hard, and when I come back, I want an answer. Help me. Help me. Help. No, no, keep your blood-- Tell you, I fucking paid him. I know you. You're Kelly's friend, Pierre. Sorry. Don't! What a fucking mess. Jesus fucking Christ! Who was here? Who did this? Who did this? You did. Me? Where's is it? Where's the letter? Where's the letter? I'm really scared, Harry. What do I do now? You have to get rid of anything related to all this. You come back here, and... ...take the car and go. Where? Anywhere but here, Pierre. Anywhere but here. Simeon. Not now, I'm praying. It's important. So is this. So is fucking this! Where did you get that? -I just need some money. -Where did you get it? It's Harry Barlow's. He said it belonged to his wife. He, he gave it to me to get some money, but I'm leaving tonight so I don't have the time. It's worth more than this. It's a fake. It's worth 1/10. Now fuck off. The money's for the information. Are you still here? We're closed. * Put your sweet lips a little closer * We are now. * Let's pretend that we're together all alone * What the fuck do you want? Shoot me! Yeah, right. * Turn your jukebox way down low * Don't be greedy, Harry. There was 15 grand in that safe and I want it. Where's the money, Harry? Take it. It's in the till. * He'll have to go * Whisper to me I tell you what, Harry, you gonna check the fucking till. * Though love is blind, make up your mind * * I've got to know * Should I hang up or will you tell him * * He'll have to go? * You can't say the words This place's a fucking mess, Harry. And you expect me to find anything! * Answer yes or no Dou you know what you need, Harry? You need a woman's touch. Oh, I forgot, your old lady decided to end it on the garage, didn't she? Where's it? Where is it, Harry? * He'll have to Harry! * Go Harry! Your last chance, Harry. Was it maybe you in your house? Or was it somebody else? Me. It was me. Okay. Okay. Je m'appelle, Pierre. What do you suggest? Kill him. You're a fucking idiot. Do you think that was a sign from God, Harry? Or maybe I just went through a wire? I know what you are, Harry. You're a fucking stupid murderer, and I know, and I know, I know you're hiding something from me. But I absolve you. I absolve you in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. No! Get him out! When this is all over, you have to go. We have to go. No, I can't go with you now, Pierre. I have stay here. I have to go to play the grieving daughter. Otherwise, they'll come looking for us. -Oh my God! -Shit! Shit! I thought he was dead. No, no, no, no! I can't do this, Kelly. There's no other way. Help me, Pierre. No! -Help me! -Let's not do this, Kelly, please. It's too late. And you have to take the responsibility for your actions, Pierre. * What's in a name? * I wanted to know * We've nothing to chance * Got nothing to lose * I lost all my words * And everything changed * Show me Kelly, my darling, I'm so sorry that you find yourself reading this letter. * Show me the way * Home * Got all that I want * It's never enough * It's haywire I know you. You're Kelly's friend, Pierre. * Once in a while * You're all that I have * To feel alive * Show me the way * Show me the way home There's no such thing as a happy ending. * Sure looks good, don't it? * It'll all be sweet won't it? * And we'll stick around just to milk it * * For a while * For a while * Sure looks good, don't it? *