Oh! I vow, Mr. Hardcastle, you're very particular. Is there a creature in the whole country but ourselves, that does not take a trip to town now and then, to rub off the rust a little? There's the two Miss Hoggs, and our neighbor Mrs. Grigsby, go to take a month's polishing every winter. Ay, and bring back vanity and affectation to last them the whole year. I wonder why London cannot keep its own fools at home! In my time, the follies of the town crept slowly among us, but now they travel faster than a stage-coach. Its fopperies come down not only as inside passengers, but in the very basket. Ay, your times were fine times indeed, you have been telling us of them for many a long year. Here we live in this old rambling mansion, that looks for all the world like an inn, but that we never see company. Our best visitors are old Mrs. Oddfish, the curate's wife, ugh… and little Cripplegate, the lame dancing-master and all our entertainment your old stories of Prince Eugene and the Duke of Marlborough. - I hate such old-fashioned trumpery. - And I love it. I love everything that's old: old friends, old times, old manners, old books, old wine and I believe, Dorothy, you'll own I have been pretty fond of an old wife. Lord, Mr. Hardcastle, you're for ever at your Dorothys and your old wives. You may be a Darby, but I'll be no Joan, I promise you. I'm not so old as you'd make me, by more than one good year. Add 20 to 20, and make money of that. Let me see; 20 added to 20 makes just 50 and 7. Oh! It's false, Mr. Hardcastle, I was but 20 when Tony was born. The son of Mr. Lumpkin, my first husband, and he's not come to years of discretion yet. Nor ever will, I dare answer for him. - Ay, you have taught him finely. - No matter. Tony Lumpkin has a good fortune. My son is not to live by his learning. I don't think a boy wants much learning to spend 1500 a year. Learning, quotha! A mere composition of tricks and mischief. Humor, my dear, nothing but humor. Come, Mr. Hardcastle, you must allow the boy a little humor. I'd sooner allow him a horse-pond. If burning the footmen's shoes, frightening the maids, and worrying the kittens be humor, he has it. It was but yesterday, he fastened my wig to the back of my chair, and when I went to make a bow, I popt my bald head in Mrs. Frizzle's face. Am I to blame? The poor boy was always too sickly to do any good. A school would be his death. When he comes to be a little stronger, who knows what a year or two's Latin may do for him? Latin for him! A cat and fiddle. No, the alehouse and the stable are the only schools he'll ever go to. Well, we must not snub the poor boy now, for I believe we sha'n't have him long among us. Anybody that looks in his face may see he's consumptive. Ay, if growing too fat be one of the symptoms. - He coughs sometimes. - Yes, when his liquor goes the wrong way. - I'm actually afraid of his lungs. - And truly so am I, for he sometimes whoops like a speaking trumpet. Oh, there he goes. Oh, a very consumptive figure, truly. Tony, where are you going, my charmer? Won't you…won't you give papa and I a little of your company, love? I'm in haste, mother. I cannot stay. You sha'n't venture out this raw evening, my dear. You look most shockingly. I can't stay, I tell you. The Three Pigeons expects me down every moment. There's some fun going forward. Ay, the alehouse, the old place, I thought so. - A low, paltry set of fellows. - Not so low, neither. There's Dick Muggins the exciseman, Jack Slang the horse doctor, little Aminadab that grinds the music box, and Tom Twist that spins the pewter platter. Oh, pray, my dear, disappoint them for one night at least. As for disappointing them, I should not so much mind, but I can't abide to disappoint myself. - Oh, Tony, you sha'n't go. - I will, I tell you. I say you sha'n't. Tony, no. We'll see which is strongest, you or I. Ay, there goes a pair that only spoil each other. But is not the whole age in a combination to drive sense and discretion out of doors? Ah… There's my pretty darling Kate! The fashions of the times have almost infected her too. By living a year or two in town, she's come to be as fond of gauze and French frippery as the best of them. Blessings on my pretty innocence! Drest out as usual, my Kate. Goodness! What a quantity of superfluous silk hast thou got about thee, girl! I could never teach the fools of this age, that the indigent world could be clothed out of the trimmings of the vain. You know our agreement, sir. You allow me the morning to receive and pay visits, and to dress in my own manner and in the evening I put on my housewife's dress to please you. Well, remember, I insist on the terms of our agreement. Oh, and, by the by, I believe I shall have occasion to try your obedience this very evening. I protest, sir, I don't comprehend your meaning. Then to be plain with you, Kate, I expect the young gentleman I have chosen to be your husband from town this very day. I have his father's letter, in which he informs me his son is set out, and he intends to follow himself shortly after. I wish I had known something of this before. Bless me, how shall I behave? It's a thousand to one, I sha'n't like him. Our meeting will be so formal, and so like a thing of business, that I shall find no room for friendship or esteem. Depend upon it, child, I'll never control your choice. But young Mr. Marlow whom I have pitched upon, is the son of my old friend, Sir Charles Marlow, of whom you have heard me talk so often. The young gentleman has been bred a scholar, and is designed for an employment in the service of his country. I am told he's a man of an excellent understanding. - Is he? - Very generous. I believe I shall like him. - Young and brave. - I'm sure I shall like him. And very handsome. My dear papa, say no more, he's mine, I'll have him. And, to crown all, Kate, he's one of the most bashful and reserved young fellows in all the world. Eh! You have frozen me to death again. That word reserved has undone all the rest of his accomplishments. A reserved lover, it is said, always makes a suspicious husband. On the contrary, modesty seldom resides in a breast that is not enriched with nobler virtues. It was the very feature in his character that first struck me. He must have more striking features to catch me, I promise you. However, if he be so young, so handsome, and so everything as you mention, I believe he'll do still. I think I'll have him. Ay, Kate, but there is still an obstacle. It's more than an even wager he may not have you. My dear papa, why will you mortify one so? Well, if he refuses, instead of breaking my heart at his indifference, I'll only break my glass for its flattery, set my cap to some newer fashion, and look out for some less difficult admirer. Bravely resolved! In the meantime I'll go prepare the servants for his reception, as we seldom see company, they want as much training as a company of recruits, the first day's muster. Oh, get it will you, William? Lud, this news of papa's puts me all in a flutter Young, handsome, all these he put last, but I put them foremost. Sensible, good-natured, I like all that. But then reserved and sheepish, that's much against him. Yet can't he be cured of his timidity, by being taught to be proud of his wife? Yes. But I vow I'm disposing of the husband before I have secured the lover. I'm glad you're come, Neville, my dear. Tell me, Constance, how do I look this evening? Is there anything whimsical about me? Is it one of my well-looking days, child? - Am I in face to-day? - Perfectly, my dear. Yet, now I look again, bless me! Sure no accident has happened among the canary birds or the gold fishes. Has your brother or the cat been meddling? Or has the last novel been too moving? No, nothing of all this. I have been threatened. I can scarce get it out. I have been threatened with a lover. - And his name? - Is Marlow. - Indeed! - The son of Sir Charles Marlow. As I live, the most intimate friend of Mr. Hastings, my admirer. They are never asunder. I believe you must have seen him when we lived in town. - Never. - Oh, he's a very singular character, I assure you. Among women of reputation and virtue he is the modestest man alive, but his acquaintance give him a very different character among creatures of another stamp, - you understand me. - An odd character indeed. I shall never be able to manage him. What shall I do? Pshaw, think no more of him, but trust to occurrences for success. But how goes on your own affair, my dear? Has my mother been courting you for my brother Tony as usual? I have just come from one of our agreeable tête-à-têtes. She has been saying a hundred tender things, and setting off her pretty monster as the very pink of perfection. And her partiality is such, that she actually thinks him so. A fortune like yours is no small temptation. Besides, as she has the sole management of it, I'm not surprised to see her unwilling to let it go out of the family. A fortune like mine, which chiefly consists in jewels, is no such mighty temptation. But at any rate, if my dear Hastings be but constant, I make no doubt to be too hard for her at last. However, I let her suppose that I am in love with her son and she never once dreams that my affections are fixed upon another. My good brother holds out stoutly. I could almost love him for hating you so. It is a good-natured creature at bottom, and I'm sure would wish to see me married to anybody but himself. But my aunt's bell rings for our afternoon's walk round the improvements. Allons! Courage is necessary, as our affairs are critical. "Would it were bed-time, and all were well." The 'squire has got spunk in him. What a pity it is the 'squire is not come into his own yet. It would be good for all the publicans within 10 miles round of him. Ecod, and so it would, Master Slang. I'd then show what it was to keep choice of company. O he takes after his own father for that. To be sure old 'Squire Lumpkin was the finest gentleman I ever set my eyes on. For winding the straight horn, or beating a thicket for a hare, or a wench, he never had his fellow. It was tone as saying in the place, that he kept the best horses, dogs, and girls, in the whole county. Ecod, and when I'm of age, I'll be no bastard, I promise you. I have been thinking of Bet Bouncer and the miller's grey mare to begin with. But come, my boys, drink about and be merry, for you pay no reckoning. Stingo, What's the matter? There be two gentlemen in a post-chaise at the door. They have lost their way upo' the forest and they are talking something about Mr. Hardcastle. As sure as can be, one of them must be the gentleman that's coming down to court my sister. Do they seem to be Londoners? I believe they may. They look woundily like Frenchmen. Then desire them to step this way, and I'll set them right in a twinkling. Father-in-law has been calling me whelp and hound this half year. Now, if I pleased, I could be so revenged upon the old grumbletonian. But then I'm afraid… afraid of what? I shall soon be worth 1500 a year, and let him frighten me out of that if he can. What a tedious uncomfortable day have we had of it! We were told it was but 40 miles across the country, and we have come above threescore. And all, Marlow, from that unaccountable reserve of yours, that would not let us inquire more frequently on the way. I own, Hastings, I am unwilling to lay myself under an obligation to every one I meet, and often stand the chance of an unmannerly answer. At present, however, we are not likely to receive any answer. No offence, gentlemen. But I'm told you have been inquiring for one Mr. Hardcastle in these parts. Do you know what part of the country you are in? No, sir, but should thank you for information. Nor the way you came? No, sir, but if you can inform us… Why, gentlemen, if you know neither the road you are going, nor where you are, nor the road you came, the first thing I have to inform you is, that, you have lost your way. We wanted no ghost to tell us that. Pray, gentlemen, may I be so bold so as to ask the place from whence you came? That's not necessary towards directing us where we are to go. No offence, but question for question is all fair, you know. Pray, gentlemen, is not this, the same Hardcastle a cross-grained, old-fashioned, whimsical fellow, with an ugly face, a daughter, and a pretty son? We have not seen the gentleman, but he has the family you speak of. The daughter, a tall, trapesing, trolloping, talkative maypole, the son, a pretty, well-bred, agreeable youth, that everybody is so fond of. Our information differs in this. The daughter is said to be well-bred and beautiful, the son an awkward booby was it? Booby, reared up and spoiled at his mother's apron-string. Then, gentlemen, all I have to tell you is that you won't reach Mr. Hardcastle's house this night, I believe. That is unfortunate! It's a damned long, dark, boggy, dirty, dangerous way. Stingo, tell the gentlemen the way to Mr. Hardcastle's! Mr. Hardcastle's, of Quagmire Marsh, you understand me. Oh, Master Hardcastle's! Lock-a-daisy, my masters, you're come a deadly deal wrong! See, when you came to the bottom of the hill, you should have crossed down Squash Lane. Cross down Squash Lane! Then you were to keep straight forward, till you came to four roads. Come to where four roads meet? Ay, but you must be sure to take only one of them. - O, sir, you're facetious. - Then keeping to the right, you are to go sideways till you come upon Crackskull Common. Here, you must look sharp for the track of the wheel, and go forwards till you come to farmer Murrain's barn. Coming to the farmer's barn, you are to turn to the right, and then to the left, and then to the right about again, till you find out the old mill. Zounds, man! We could as soon find out the longitude! - What's to be done, Marlow? - This house promises but a poor reception, though perhaps the landlord can accommodate us. Alack, master, we have but one spare bed in the whole house. And to my knowledge, that's taken up by three lodgers already. I have hit it. Don't you think, Stingo, our landlady could accommodate the gentlemen by the fire-side, with three chairs and a bolster? I hate sleeping by the fire-side. And I detest your three chairs and a bolster. You do, do you? Then, let me see. What if you go on a mile further, to the Buck's Head, the old Buck's Head on the hill, one of the best inns in the whole county? O, ho! So we have escaped an adventure for this night, however. Sure, you're not sending them to your father's as an inn, be you? Mum, you fool you. Let them find that out. You have only to go on straight forward, till you see a large old house by the road side. Roadside? You'll see a pair of large horns over the door. - Horns? - That's the sign. Drive up the yard, - and call stoutly about you. - Stoutly about you. Sir, we are much obliged to you. - The servants can't miss the way? - No, no, but I tell you, though, the landlord is rich, and going to leave off business, so he wants to be thought a gentleman, saving your presence, he'll be for giving you his company and, ecod, if you mind him, he'll persuade you that his mother was an alderman, and his aunt a justice of peace. A troublesome old blade, to be sure but a keeps as good wines and beds as any in the whole country. Well, if he supplies us with these, we shall want no farther connection. Cheers. Cheers. Oh, it's very good actually. It's stunning. Thank you. We are to turn to the right, did you say? No, no, straight forward. I'll just step myself, and show you a piece of the way. Mum! Ah, bless your heart, for a sweet, pleasant, damned mischievous son of a whore. Well, I hope you are all perfect in the table exercise I have been teaching you these three days. You all know your posts and your places, and can show that you have been used to good company, without ever stirring from home. When company comes you must not pop out and stare, and then run in again, like frightened rabbits in a warren. You, Diggory, whom I have taken from the barn, are to make a show at the side-table and you, Roger, whom I have advanced from the plough, are to place yourself behind my chair. But you're not to stand so, with your hands in your pockets. Take your hands from your pockets, Roger, and from your head, you blockhead you. See how Diggory carries his hands. They're a little too stiff, indeed, but that's no great matter. Ay, mind how I hold them. I learned to hold my hands this way when I was upon drill for the militia. And so being upon drill… You must not be so talkative, Diggory. You must be all attention to the guests. You must hear us talk, and not think of talking; you must see us drink, and not think of drinking, you must see us eat, and not think of eating. By the laws, your worship, that's perfectly un-possible. Whenever Diggory sees eating going forward, Ecod, he's always wishing for a mouthful himself. Blockhead! Is not a belly-full in the kitchen as good as a belly-full in the parlor? Stay your stomach with that reflection. Ecod, I thank your worship, I'll make a shift to stay my stomach with a slice of cold beef in the pantry. Diggory, you are too talkative. Now, if I happen to say a good thing, or tell a good story at the table, you must not all burst out a-laughing, as if you made part of the company. Then ecod your worship, you must not tell the story of Ould Grouse in the gun-room. I can't help laughing at that. For the soul of me. We have laughed at that these 15 years. The story is a good one. Well, honest Diggory, you may laugh at that, but still, remember to be attentive. Now, suppose one of the company should call for a glass of wine, how will you behave? A glass of wine, sir, if you please. Eh, why don't you move? Ecod, your worship, I never have courage till I see the eatables and drinkables brought upon the table, and then I'm as bauld as a lion. What, will nobody move? I'm not to leave this place. - I'm sure it's no place of mine. - Nor mine, for sartain. Wauns, and I'm sure it canna be mine. Oh, you numskulls! And so while, like a government, you are quarrelling for places, the guests must be starved. O you dunces! I find I must begin all over again. But don't I hear a coach drive into the yard? To your posts, you blockheads. I'll go in the mean time and give my old friend's son a hearty reception at the gate. By the elevens, my place is gone quite out of my head. I know that my place is to be everywhere. Where the devil is mine? My place is to be nowhere at all, and so I go about my business. Welcome, gentlemen, very welcome! This way. . Oh! After the disappointments of the day, welcome once more, Charles, to the comforts of a clean room and a good fire. Upon my word, a very well-looking house, - antique but creditable. - The usual fate of a large mansion. Having first ruined the master with good housekeeping, it at last comes to levy contributions as an inn. As you say, we passengers are to be taxed to pay for all these fineries. I have often seen a good sideboard, or a marble chimney-piece, though not actually put in the bill, inflame a reckoning confoundedly. Travelers, George, must pay in all places. The only difference is, that in good inns you pay dearly for luxuries, in bad inns you are fleeced and starved. You have lived very much among them. In truth, I have often been surprised, that you who have seen so much of the world, with your natural good sense, and your many opportunities, you could never yet acquire a requisite share of assurance. The Englishman's malady. But tell me, George, where could I have learned that assurance you talk of? My life has been chiefly spent in a college or an inn, in seclusion from that lovely part of the creation that chiefly teach men confidence. I don't know that I was ever familiarly acquainted with a single modest woman, except my mother, but among females of another class, you know. Ay, among them you are impudent enough of all conscience. They are of us, you know. But in the company of women of reputation I never saw such an idiot, such a trembler, you look for all the world as if you wanted an opportunity of stealing out of the room. Why, man, that's because I do want to steal out of the room. Faith, I have often formed a resolution to break the ice, and rattle away at any rate. But I don't know how, a single glance from a pair of fine eyes has totally overset my resolution. An impudent fellow may counterfeit modesty; but I'll be hanged if a modest man can ever counterfeit impudence. If you could but say half the fine things to them that I have heard you lavish upon the bar-maid of an inn, or even a college bed-maker. Why, George, I can't say fine things to them, they freeze, they petrify me. Some may talk of a comet, or a burning mountain, or some such bagatelle, but, to me, a modest woman dressed out in all her finery, is the most tremendous object of the whole creation. At this rate, man, how can you ever expect to marry? Never, unless, as among kings and princes, my bride were to be courted by proxy. If, indeed, like an Eastern bridegroom, one were to be introduced to a wife he never saw before, it might be endured. But to go through all the terrors of a formal courtship, together with the episode of aunts, grandmothers, and cousins, and at last to blurt out the broad staring question of, - Madam, will you marry me? - No, no, no… No, no, that's a strain much above me, I assure you. I pity you. But, how do you intend behaving toward the young lady you are come to visit at the request of your father? As I behave to all other ladies. Bow very low, answer yes or no to all her demands. But for the rest, I don't think I shall venture to look in her face till I see my father again. I'm surprised that one who is so warm a friend can be so cool a lover. To be explicit, my dear Hastings, my chief inducement down was to be instrumental in forwarding your happiness, not my own. Miss Neville loves you, the family don't know you, as my friend you are sure of a reception, - and let honor do the rest. - My dear Marlow! But I'll suppress the emotion. Were I a wretch, meanly seeking to carry off a fortune, you should be the last man in the world I would apply to for assistance. But Miss Neville's person is all I ask, and that is mine, both from her deceased father's consent, and her own inclination. Happy man! You have talents and art to captivate any woman. I'm doomed to adore the sex, and yet to converse with the only part of it I despise. This stammer in my address, and this awkward prepossessing visage of mine, can never permit me to soar above the reach of a milliner's 'prentice, or one of the duchesses of Drury-lane. Oh, sure the inkeeper here to interrupt us. Gentlemen, once more you are heartily welcome. Which is Mr. Marlow? Sir, you are heartily welcome. It's not my way, you see, to receive my friends with my back to the fire. I like give them a hearty reception in the old style at my gate. I like to see their horses and trunks taken care of. He has got our names from the servants already. We approve your caution and hospitality, sir. I have been thinking, George, of changing our traveling dresses in the morning. I am grown confoundedly ashamed of mine. I beg, Mr. Marlow, you'll use no ceremony in this house. I fancy, Charles, you're right. The first blow is half the battle. I intend opening the campaign with the white and gold. Mr. Marlow, Mr. Hastings, gentlemen, I pray be under no constraint in this house. This is Liberty-hall, gentlemen. You may do just as you please here. Yet, George, if we open the campaign too fiercely at first, we may want ammunition before it is over. I think to reserve the embroidery is to secure a retreat. Uh… You're talking of a retreat, Mr. Marlow, puts me in mind of the Duke of Marlborough, when we went to besiege Denain. - He first summoned the garrison… - Don't you think the ventre d'or waistcoat will do with the plain brown? He first summoned the garrison, - which might consist of about 5,000 men… - I think not, brown and yellow - mix but very poorly. - I say, gentlemen, as I was telling you, he first summoned the garrison, - which might consist of about 5,000 men. - The girls like finery. Which might consist of about 5,000 men, well appointed with stores, ammunition, and other implements of war. Now, says the Duke of Marlborough to George Brooks, that stood next to him. You must have heard of George Brooks. "I'll pawn my dukedom," says he, but I take that garrison without spilling a drop of blood. - So… - What, my good friend, if you gave us a glass of punch in the mean time, it would help us to carry on the siege with vigor. Punch, sir! This is the most unaccountable kind of modesty I ever met with. Yes, sir, punch. A glass of warm punch, after our journey, will be comfortable. - This is Liberty-hall, you know. - Here's a cup, sir. So this fellow, in his Liberty-hall, will only let us have just what he pleases. I hope you'll find it to your mind. I have prepared it with my own hands, and I believe you'll own the ingredients are tolerable. Will you be so good as to pledge me, sir? Here, Mr. Marlow, here is to our better acquaintance. A very impudent fellow this! But he's a character, and I'll humor him a little. Sir, my service to you. I see this fellow wants to give us his company, and forgets that he's an innkeeper, before he has learned to be a gentleman. From the excellence of your cup, my old friend, I suppose you have a good deal of business in this part of the country. Warm work, now and then, at elections, I suppose. No, sir, I have long given that work over. Since our betters have hit upon the expedient of electing each other, there is no business "For us that sell ale." - No turn for politics, then I find. - Not in the least. There was a time, indeed, I fretted myself about the mistakes of government, like other people, but finding myself every day grow more angry, and the government grow no better, I left it to mend itself. But what with eating above stairs, and drinking below, with receiving your friends without and amusing them within, you lead a good pleasant bustling life of it. I do stir about a good deal, that's for certain. Half the differences of the parish are adjusted in this very room. And you have an argument in your cup, old gentleman, - better than in Westminster-hall. - Ay, young gentleman, that, and a little philosophy. Well, this is the first time I ever heard of an innkeeper's philosophy. So like an experienced general, you attack them on every quarter. If you find their reason manageable, you attack it with your philosophy. And if you find they have no reason, you attack them with this. So here's your health, - my philosopher. - Good, very good, thank you. Your generalship puts me in mind of Prince Eugene, when he fought the Turks in the battle of Belgrade. - You shall hear. - Instead of the battle of Belgrade, I believe it's almost time to talk about supper. What has your philosophy got in the house for supper? For supper, sir! Was ever such a request to a man in his own house? Yes, sir, supper, sir; I begin to feel an appetite. I shall make devilish work to-night in the larder, I promise you. Such a brazen dog sure never my eyes beheld. Why, really, sir, as for supper I can't well tell. My Dorothy and the cook-maid settle these things between them. I leave these kind of things entirely to them. - You do, do you? - Entirely. By the bye, I believe they are in actual consultation upon what's for supper this moment in the kitchen. Then I beg they'll admit me as one of their privy council. It's a way I have got. When I travel, I always choose to regulate my own supper. Let the cook be called. - No offence I hope, sir. - Oh, no, sir, none in the least. And yet I don't know how, our Bridget, the cook-maid, is not very communicative upon these occasions. Should we send for her, she might scold us all out of the house. Well, let's see your list of the larder then. I ask it as a favor. I always match my appetite to my bill of fare. Sir, he's very right, and it's my way too. Sir, you have a right to command here. Here, Roger, bring us the bill of fare for to-night's supper. I believe it's drawn out. Your manner, Mr. Hastings, puts me in mind of my uncle, Colonel Wallop. It was a saying of his, that no man was sure of his supper until he had eaten it. All upon the high rope! His uncle a colonel! We shall soon hear of his mother being a justice of the peace. But let's hear the bill of fare. What's here? For the first course, for the second course, for the dessert. The devil, sir, do you think we have brought down a whole Joiners' Company, or the corporation of Bedford, to eat up such a supper? No, no. Two or three little things, clean and comfortable, will do. Oh, no… no. Let's hear it. Uh… For the first course, at the top, a pig's face and prune sauce. Oh, damn your pig's face, I say. And yet, gentlemen, to men that are hungry, a pig's face with prune sauce is good eating. At the bottom, a calf's tongue and brains. Let your brains be knocked out, my good sir, I don't like them. Or you may clap them on a plate by themselves. I do. Their impudence confounds me. Gentlemen, you are my guests, make what alterations you wish. Is there anything else you wish to retrench or alter, gentlemen? A pork pie, a boiled rabbit and sausages, a Florentine, a shaking pudding, and a dish of tiff-taff-taffety cream. Confound your made dishes. I shall be as much at a loss in this house as at a green and yellow dinner at the French ambassador's table. - No, no, I'm for plain eating. - Oh, well, I'm sorry, gentlemen, that I have nothing that you like, but if there be anything you have a particular fancy to… Why, really, sir, your bill of fare is so exquisite, that any one part of it is quite as good as another. Send us what you please. So much for supper. And now to see that our beds are aired, and properly taken care of. I must entreat you'll leave that to me. You shall not stir a step. Leave that to you! I protest, sir, you must excuse me, I always look to these things myself. I must insist you, rest yourself easy on that head. You see I'm resolved on it. A very troublesome fellow this, as I ever met with. Well, sir, I'm resolved at least to attend you. This may be modern modesty, but I never saw anything look so like old-fashioned impudence. I see this fellow's civilities begin to grow troublesome. But who can be angry at those assiduities which are meant to please him? Ha! What do I see? - Miss Neville, by all that's happy! - My dear Hastings! To what unexpected good fortune, to what accident, am I to ascribe this happy meeting? Rather let me ask the same question, I could never have hoped to meet my dearest Constance at an inn. An inn! Sure you mistake, my aunt, my guardian, lives here. What could induce you to think this house an inn? Uh… My friend, Mr. Marlow, with whom I came down, and I, have been sent here as to an inn. I assure you, a young fellow, whom we accidentally met at a house hard by, directed us hither. Well, certainly it must be one of my hopeful cousin's tricks, of whom you have heard me talk so often. He whom your aunt intends for you? He of whom I have such just apprehensions? You have nothing to fear from him, I assure you. You'd adore him, if you knew how heartily he despises me. My aunt knows it too, and has undertaken to court me for him, and actually begins to think she has made a conquest. Thou dear dissembler! You must know, my Constance, I have just seized this happy opportunity of my friend's visit here to get admittance into the family. The horses that carried us down are now fatigued with their journey, but they'll soon be refreshed and then, if my dearest girl will trust in her faithful Hastings, we shall soon be landed in France, where even among slaves the laws of marriage are respected. I have often told you, that though ready to obey you, I yet should leave my little fortune behind with reluctance. The greatest part of it was left me by my uncle, the India director, and chiefly consists in jewels. I have been for some time persuading my aunt to let me wear them. I fancy I'm very near succeeding. The instant they are put into my possession, you shall find me ready to make them and myself yours. Perish the baubles! Your person is all I desire. In the mean time, my friend Marlow must not be let into his mistake. I know the strange relationship of his reserve is such, that if abruptly informed of it, he would instantly quit the house before our plan was ripe for execution. What if we still continue to deceive him? Miss Hardcastle is just returned from walking. But how shall we keep him in the deception? Uh… The assiduities of these good people tease me beyond bearing. My host seems to think it ill manners to leave me alone, and so he claps not only himself, but his old-fashioned wife, on my back. They talk of coming to sup with us too, I know. And then, I suppose, we are to run the gantlet through all the rest of the family. My dear Charles! Let me congratulate you! The most fortunate accident! Who do you think is just alighted? Cannot guess. Our mistresses, my boy, Miss Hardcastle and Miss Neville. Give me leave to introduce Miss Constance Neville to your acquaintance. Happening to dine in the neighborhood, they called on their return to take fresh horses here. Miss Hardcastle has stepped into the next room, and will be back in an instant. Wasn't it lucky? Eh! I have just been mortified enough of all conscience, and here comes something to complete my embarrassment. Wasn't it the most fortunate thing in the world? Oh! Yes. Very fortunate. A most joyful encounter. But our dresses, George, you know are in disorder. What if we should postpone the happiness till to-morrow? To-morrow at her own house. Yes. It will be every bit as convenient and rather more respectful. - To-morrow let it be. - By no means, sir. Your ceremony will displease her. The disorder of your dress will show the ardor of your impatience. Besides, she knows you are in the house, and will permit you to see her. O! The devil! How shall I support it? Hem! Hem! Hastings, you must not go. You… you are to assist me, you know. I shall be confoundedly ridiculous. Yet, hang it! I'll take courage. Pshaw, man! It's but the first plunge, and all's over. She's but a woman, you know. And, of all women, she that I dread most to encounter. Miss Hardcastle, Mr. Marlow. I'm proud of bringing two persons of such merit together, that only want to know, to esteem each other. Now for meeting my modest gentleman with a demure face, and quite in his own manner. I'm glad of your safe arrival, sir. I'm told you had some accidents by the way. - Only a few, madam. Yes, we had some. - Oh. Yes, madam, a good many accidents, but should be sorry, madam, or rather glad of any accidents, that are so agreeably concluded. Hem! You never spoke better in your whole life. Keep it up, and I'll insure you the victory. I'm afraid you flatter, sir. You that have seen so much of the finest company, can find little entertainment in an obscure corner of the country. I have lived, indeed, in the world, madam; but I have kept very little company. I have been but an observer upon life, madam, while others were enjoying it. But that, I am told, is the way to enjoy it at last. Cicero never spoke better. Once more, and you are confirmed in assurance for ever. Hem! Stand by me, then, and when I'm down, throw in a word or two, to set me up again. An observer, like you, upon life were, I fear, disagreeably employed, since you must have had much more to censure than to approve. Pardon me, madam. I was always willing to be amused. The folly of most people is rather an object of mirth than uneasiness. What? Bravo, bravo. Never spoke better in your whole life. Well, Miss Hardcastle, I see that you and Mr. Marlow are going to be very good company. I believe our being here will but embarrass the interview. Not in the least, Mr. Hastings. We like your company of all things. Zounds! George, sure you won't go? How can you leave us? Our presence will but spoil conversation, so we'll retire to the next room. You don't consider, man, that we are to manage a little tete-a-tete of our own. But you have not been wholly an observer, I presume, sir. The ladies, I should hope, have employed some part of your addresses. Pardon me, madam, I… I… I, as yet have studied only to deserve them. And that, some say, is the very worst way to obtain them. Perhaps so, madam. But I love to converse only with the more grave and sensible part of the sex. But I'm afraid I grow tiresome. Not at all, sir, there is nothing I like so much as grave conversation myself. I could hear it for ever. Indeed, I have often been surprised how a man of sentiment could ever admire those light airy pleasures, where nothing reaches the heart. It's… It's a disease of the mind, madam. In the variety of tastes there must be some who, wanting a relish for umm…uh… umm… I understand you, sir. There must be some, who, wanting a relish for refined pleasures, pretend to despise what they are incapable of tasting. My meaning, madam, but infinitely better expressed. And I can't help observing, uh… Who could ever suppose this fellow impudent upon some occasions? - You were going to observe, sir. - I was observing, madam. I protest, madam, I forget what I was going to observe. You were observing, sir, that in this age of hypocrisy, something about hypocrisy, sir. Yes, madam. In this age of hypocrisy there are few who upon strict inquiry do not, uh… uh… uh… - I understand you perfectly, sir. - Egad! and that's more than I do myself. You mean that in this hypocritical age, there are few that do not condemn in public what they practice in private, and think they pay every debt to virtue when they praise it. It's true, madam. Those who have most virtue in their mouths, have least of it in their bosoms. - But I'm sure I tire you, madam. - Not in the least, sir. There is something so agreeable and spirited in your manner, such life and force, pray, sir, go on. Yes, madam. I was saying that there are some occasions, when a total want of courage, madam, destroys all the - and puts us upon a… - I agree with you entirely, a want of courage upon some occasions assumes the appearance of ignorance, and betrays us when we most want to excel. I beg you'll proceed. Yes, madam. Morally speaking, madam. But I see Miss Neville expecting us in the next room. I would not intrude for the world. I protest, sir, I never was more agreeably entertained in all my life. - Pray go on. - Yes, madam, I was… But she beckons us to join her. Shall I do myself the honor to attend you? Well, then, I'll follow. This pretty smooth dialogue has done for me. Was there ever such a sober, sentimental interview? I'm certain he scarce looked in my face the whole time. And yet the fellow, but for his unaccountable bashfulness, is pretty well too. He has good sense, but then so buried in his fears, that it fatigues one more than ignorance. If I could teach him a little confidence, that would be doing somebody that I know of a piece of service. But who is that somebody? That, faith, is a question I can scarce answer. What do you follow me for, cousin Con? I wonder you're not ashamed to be so very engaging. I hope, cousin, one may speak to one's own relations, and not be to blame. Ay, but I know what sort of a relation you want to make me, though, but it won't do. I tell you, cousin Con, it won't do. So I beg you. I beg you keep your distance. I want no nearer relationship. Well! I vow, Mr. Hastings, you are very entertaining. There's nothing in the world I love to talk of so much as London, and fashions, though I was never there myself. You were never there! You amaze me! From your air and manner, I concluded you had been bred all your life either at Ranelagh, St. James's, or Tower Wharf. O! Sir, you're only pleased to say so. We… we country persons can have no manner at all. I'm in love with the town, and that serves to raise me above some of our neighboring rustics, but who can have a manner, that has never seen the Pantheon, the Grotto Gardens, the Borough, and such places where the nobility chiefly resort? All I can do is to enjoy London at second-hand. I take care to know every tete-a-tete from the Scandalous Magazine, and I have all the fashions, as they come out, in a letter from the two Miss Rickets of Crooked Lane. Pray how do you like this head, Mr. Hastings? It's extremely elegant and degagee, upon my word, madam. Your friseur is a Frenchman, I suppose? I protest, I dressed it myself from a print in the Ladies' Memorandum-book for the last year. Indeed! Such a head in a side-box at the play-house would draw as many gazers as my Lady Mayoress at a City Ball. I vow, since inoculation began, there is no such thing to be seen as a plain woman, so one must dress a little particular, or one may escape in the crowd. But that can never be your case, madam. It can never be your case in any dress. Yet, what signifies my dressing when I have such a piece of antiquity by my side as Mr. Hardcastle. All I can say will never argue down a single button from his clothes. I have often wanted him to throw off his great flaxen wig, and where he was bald, to plaster it over, with powder. You are quite right, madam, for, as among the ladies there are none ugly, so among the men there are none old. But what do you think his answer was? Why, with his usual Gothic vivacity, he said I only wanted him to throw off his wig, to convert it into a tete for my own wearing. Intolerable! At your age you may wear what you please, and it must become you. Pray, Mr. Hastings, what do you take to be the most fashionable age about town? Uh… Well, some time ago, 40 was considered all the mode, but I'm told the ladies intend to bring up 50 for the ensuing winter. Seriously. Then I shall be too young for the fashion. No lady begins now to put on jewels till she's past 40. And yet Mrs. Niece thinks herself as much a woman, and is as fond of jewels, as the oldest of us all. It's your niece, is she? And that young gentleman there would be a, a brother of yours, I should presume? My son, sir. Yes. They are contracted to each other. Observe their little sports. They fall in and out 10 times a day, as if they were man and wife already. Pray, Tony, child, what soft things are you saying to your cousin Constance this evening? I have been saying no soft things, but that it's very hard to be followed about so. Ecod! I've not a place in the house now that's left to myself, but the stable. Never mind him, Con, my dear. He's in another story behind your back. There's something generous in my cousin's manner. He falls out before faces to be forgiven in private. That's a damned confounded crack. Oh, he's a sly one. Don't you think they are like each other about the mouth, Mr. Hastings? They're of a size too. Back to back, my pretties, that Mr. Hastings may see you. Come, Tony. You had as good not make me, I tell you. The monster! For shame, Tony. You a man, and behave so! If I'm a man, let me have my fortune. But Ecod! I tell you, I'll not be made a fool of no longer. Is this, ungrateful boy, all that I'm to get for the pains I have taken in your education? I… I that have rocked you in your cradle, and… and fed that pretty mouth with a spoon! Did not I work that waistcoat to make you genteel? Did not I prescribe for you every day, and weep while the medicine was operating? Ecod! You had reason to weep, for you have been dosing me ever since I was born. I have gone through every medicine in the Complete Huswife 10 times over. But, Ecod! I tell you, I'll not be made a fool of no longer. Wasn't it all for your good, viper? Wasn't it all for your good? I wish you'd let me and my good alone, then. Snubbing this way when I'm in spirits. If I'm to have any good, let it come of itself and not to keep dinging it, dinging it into one so. That's false. I never see you when you're in spirits. No, Tony, you then go to the alehouse or… or the kennel. I'm never to be delighted with your agreeable wild notes, unfeeling monster! Ecod! Mamma, your own notes are the wildest of the two. Was ever the like? Uh… But I see he wants to break my heart, - I see he does. - Dear madam, permit me to lecture the young gentleman a little. I'm certain I can persuade him to his duty. Well, uh… Oh! Oh! Uh… I must retire. Come, Constance, my love. You see, Mr. Hastings, the wretchedness of my situation, was ever poor woman so plagued with a dear sweet, pretty, provoking, undutiful boy? Don't mind her. Let her cry. It's the comfort of her heart. I have seen her and sister cry over a book for an hour together; and they said they liked the book the better the more it made them cry. You're no friend to the ladies, I find, - my pretty young gentleman? - That's as I find 'um. Not to her of your mother's choosing, I dare answer? And yet she appears to me a pretty well-tempered girl. That's because you don't know her as well as I. Ecod! I know every inch about her and there's not a more bitter cantankerous toad in all Christendom. Pretty encouragement this for a lover! I have seen her since the height of that. She has as many tricks as a hare in a thicket, or a colt the first day's breaking. To me she appears sensible and silent. Ay, before company. But when she's with her playmate, she's as loud as a hog in a gate. But there is a meek modesty about her that charms me. Yes, but curb her never so little, she kicks up, and you're flung in a ditch. You must allow her a little beauty. - You must allow her some beauty. - She's all a made-up thing, mun. Ah! Could you but see Bet Bouncer of these parts, you might then talk of beauty. She has two eyes as black as sloes, and cheeks as broad and red as a pulpit cushion. She'd make two of she. Well, what would you say to a friend that would take this bitter bargain off your hands? Anon. Would you thank him that would take Miss Neville, and leave you to happiness and your dear Betsy? Ay, but where is there such a friend, for who would take her? I am he. If you'll assist me, I'll engage to whip her off to France, - and you shall never hear more of her. - Assist you! Uh… Uh… Ecod I will, to the last drop of my blood. I'll clap a pair of horses to your chaise that shall trundle you off in a twinkling, and may be get you a part of her fortune beside, in jewels, that you little dream of. Oh, my dear 'squire, this looks like a lad of spirit. Well, come along, then, and you see more of my spirit before you have done with me. What could my old friend Sir Charles mean by recommending his son as the modestest young man in town? To me he appears the most impudent piece of brass that ever spoke with a tongue. I'm desirous to know how his impudence affects my daughter. She will certainly be shocked at it. Well, my Kate, I see you have changed your dress, as I bade you. I find such a pleasure, sir, in obeying your commands, that I take care to observe them without ever debating their propriety. And yet, Kate, I sometimes give you some cause, particularly when I recommended my modest gentleman to you as a lover to-day. You taught me to expect something extraordinary, and I find the original exceeds the description. I was never so surprised in my life! - He has quite confounded all my faculties! - I never saw anything like it, that timid look, that awkward address, that bashful manner. Whose look? Whose manner, child? - Mr. Marlow's, his mauvaise honte. - Oh! Oh, his timidity, struck me at the first sight. Then your first sight deceived you, for I found him one of the most brazen first sights that ever astonished my senses. Sure, sir, you rally! I never saw any one so modest. And can you be serious? I never saw such a bouncing, swaggering puppy since I was born. Surprising! He treated me with diffidence and respect, censured the manners of the age, admired the prudence of girls that never laughed, tired me with apologies for being tiresome and then left the room with a bow, and "Madam, I would not for the world detain you." He spoke to me as if he knew me all his life before, asked 20 questions, and never waited for an answer, interrupted my best remarks with some silly pun and when I was in my best story of the Duke of Marlborough and Prince Eugene, he asked if I had not a good hand at making punch. Yes, Kate, he asked your father if he was a maker of punch! - One of us must certainly be mistaken. - If he be what he has shown himself, I'm determined he shall never have my consent. Oh, and if he be the sullen thing I take him for, he shall never have mine. In one thing then we are agreed to reject him. Yes, but upon conditions. For if you should find him less impudent, and I more presuming, if you find him more respectful, and I more importunate… If we should find him so. But that's impossible. The first appearance has done my business. I'm seldom deceived in that. And yet there may be many good qualities under that first appearance. Ay, when a girl finds a fellow's outside to her taste, she then sets about guessing the rest of his furniture. With her, a smooth face stands for good sense, and a genteel figure for every virtue. I hope, sir, a conversation begun with a compliment to my good sense, won't end with a sneer at my understanding? Pardon me, Kate. But if young Mr. Brazen can find the art of reconciling contradictions, he may please us both, perhaps. And as one of us must be mistaken, what if we go on to make further discoveries? Agreed. But depend on it, I'm in the right. And depend on't I'm not much in the wrong. Ecod! I have got them. Here they are. My cousin Con's jewels, necklaces, bobs and all. My mother shan't cheat the poor souls out of their fortune neither. O! My genus, is that you? My dear friend, how have you managed with your mother? I hope you have amused her with pretending love for your cousin, and that you are willing to be reconciled at last? The horses will be refreshed in a short time, and we shall soon be ready to set off. And here's something to bear your charges by the way, your sweetheart's jewels. Keep them and hang those, I say, that would rob you of one of them. How have you procured them from your mother? Ask me no questions, and I'll tell you no fibs. I procured them by the rule of thumb. If I had not a key to every drawer in mother's bureau, how could I go to the alehouse as often as I do? An honest man may rob himself of his own at any time. Thousands do it every day. I'm watching you. But to be plain with you, Miss Neville is endeavoring to procure them from her aunt this very instant. If she succeeds, that will be the most delicate way at least of obtaining them. Well, keep them, till you know how it will be. But I know how it will be sure enough, she'd as soon part with the only sound tooth in her head. No. No. I dread the effects of her resentment, when she finds she has lost them. Never you mind her resentment, leave me to manage that. I don't value her resentment the bounce of a cracker. Zounds! Here they are. Morrice! Prance! Indeed, Constance, you amaze me. Such a girl as you want jewels! It will be time enough for jewels, my dear, 20 years hence, when your beauty begins to want repairs. But what will repair beauty at 40, will certainly improve it at 20, madam. Yours, my dear, can admit of none. That natural blush is beyond a thousand ornaments. Besides, child, jewels are quite out at present. Don't you see half the ladies of our acquaintance, my Lady Kill-daylight, and Mrs. Crump, and the rest of them, carry their jewels to town, and bring nothing but paste and marcasites back. But who knows, madam, but somebody that shall be nameless would like me best with all my little finery about me? Consult your glass, my dear, and then see if, with such a pair of eyes, you want any better sparklers. What do you think, Tony, my dear? Does your cousin Con. want any jewels in your eyes to set off her beauty? That's as thereafter may be. My dear aunt, if you knew how it would oblige me. A parcel of old-fashioned rose and table-cut things. They would make you look like the court of King Solomon at a puppet-show. Besides, I believe, I can't readily come at them. They may be missing, for aught I know to the contrary. Then why don't you tell her so at once, as she's so longing for them? Tell her they're lost. It's the only way to quiet her. Say they're lost, and call me to bear witness. You know, my dear, I'm only keeping them for you. So if I say they're gone, you'll bear me witness, will you? Never fear me. Ecod! I'll say I saw them taken out with my own eyes. I desire them but for a day, madam. Oh, just to be permitted to show them as relics, and then they may be locked up again. To be plain with you, my dear Constance, if I could find them you should have them. They're missing, I assure you. Lost, for aught I know, but we must have patience wherever they are. I'll not believe it! This is but a shallow pretence to deny me. I know they are too valuable to be so slightly kept, - and as you are to answer for the loss… - Don't be alarmed, Constance my dear. If they be lost, I must restore an equivalent. But my son knows they are missing, and not to be found. That I can bear witness to. They are missing, and not to be found, I'll take my oath on't. You must learn resignation, my dear, for though we lose our fortune, yet we should not lose our patience. See me, how calm I am. Ay, people are generally calm at the misfortunes of others. Now I wonder a girl of your good sense should waste a thought upon such trumpery. We shall soon find them and in the mean time you shall make use of the garnets till your jewels be found. Oh, I detest garnets. The most becoming things in the world to set off a clear complexion. You have often seen how well they look upon me. You shall have them. Oh, I dislike them of all things. You shan't stir. Was ever anything so provoking, as to mislay my own jewels, and force me to wear her trumpery? Don't be a fool. If she gives you the garnets, take what you can get. The jewels are your own already. I have stolen them out of her bureau, and she does not know it. Fly to your spark, he'll tell you more of the matter. Leave me to manage her. My dear cousin! Uh… Vanish. She's here, and has missed them already. Confusion! Thieves! Robbers! We are cheated, plundered, broke open, undone. - What's the matter? - Tony. What's the matter, mamma? I hope nothing has happened to any of the good family! We are robbed. My bureau has been broken open, the jewels taken away, and I'm undone. Oh! Is that all? By the laws, I never saw it acted better in my life. Ecod, I thought you was ruined in earnest. Why, boy, I am ruined in earnest. My bureau has been broken open, and all taken away. Stick to that. Ay, stick to that. I'll bear witness, you know. - Call me to bear witness. - I tell you, Tony, by all that's precious, the jewels are gone, and I shall be ruined for ever. Sure I know they're gone, and I'm to say so. My dearest Tony, but hear me. They're gone, I say. By the laws, mamma, you make me for to laugh. - Sure I know who took them well enough. - Was there ever such a blockhead, that can't tell the difference between jest and earnest? I tell you - I'm not in jest, booby. - Oh, that's right. That's right. You must be in a bitter passion, and then nobody will suspect either of us. I'll bear witness that they are gone. Was there ever such a cross-grained brute, that won't hear me? Can you bear witness that you're no better than a fool? Was ever poor woman so beset with fools on one hand, and thieves on the other? I can bear witness to that. Bear witness again, you blockhead you, and I'll turn you out of the room directly. My poor niece, what will become of her? Do you laugh, you unfeeling brute, as though you enjoyed my distress? - I can bear witness to that. - Do you insult me, monster? I'll teach you to vex your mother, I will. I can bear witness to that. What an unaccountable creature is that brother of mine, to send them to the house as an inn! Oh, I don't wonder at his impudence. But what is more, madam, the young gentleman, as you passed by in your present dress, asked me if you were the bar-maid. - He mistook you for the bar-maid, madam. - Did he? Then as I live, I'm resolved to keep up the delusion. Tell me, Pimple, how do you like my present dress? It's the dress, madam, that every lady wears in the country, but when she visits or receives company. And are you sure he does not remember my face or person? - Certain of it. - I vow, I thought so; for, though we spoke for some time together, yet his fears were such, that he never once looked up during the interview. But what do you hope from keeping him in his mistake? In the first place I shall be seen, and that is no small advantage to a girl who brings her face to market. Then I shall perhaps make an acquaintance, and that is no small victory gained over one who never addresses any but the wildest of our sex. But my chief aim is, to take my gentleman off his guard, and, like an invisible champion of romance, examine the giant's force before I offer to combat. But you are sure you can act your part, and disguise your voice so that he may mistake that, as he has already mistaken your person? Never fear me. I think I have got the true bar cant. Did you call sir attend the Lion there, pipes and tobacco for the Angel. The Lamb has been outrageous this half-hour. It will do, madam. But he's here. What a bawling in every part of the house! I have scarce a moment's repose. If I go to the best room, there I find my host and his story. If I fly to the gallery, there we have my hostess and her curtsey down to the ground. I have at last got a moment to myself, and now for recollection. Did you call, sir? Did your honor call? As for Miss Hardcastle, she's too grave and sentimental for me. Did your call, sir? No, child. Besides, from the glimpse I had of her, I think she squints. I'm sure, sir, I heard the bell ring. No, no. I have pleased my father, however, by coming down, and tomorrow please myself by returning. Perhaps the other gentleman called then, sir? I tell you, no. I should be glad to know, sir. We have such a parcel of servants! No, no, I tell you. Yes, child, I think I did call. I wanted… I wanted… I vow, child, you are vastly handsome. O la, sir, you'll make one ashamed. Never saw a more sprightly malicious eye. Yes, yes, I did call. Have you got any of your, what do you call it in the house? No, sir, we have been out of that these 10 days. One may call in this house, I find, to very little purpose. Suppose I should call for a taste, just by way of a trial, of the nectar of your lips, perhaps I might be disappointed in that too. Nectar! Nectar! That's a liquor, there's no call for in these parts. French, I suppose. We keep no French wines here, sir. Of true English growth, I assure you. Oh, then it's odd I should not know it. We brew all sorts of wines in this house, - and I have lived here these 18 years. - Eighteen years? Why, one would think, child, you kept the bar before you were born. - How old are you? - O! sir, I must not tell my age. They say women and music should never be dated. To guess at this distance, you can't be much above 40. Yet, nearer, I don't think so much. By coming close to some women, they look younger still, - but when we come very close indeed… - Oh, pray, sir, keep your distance. Oh, one would think you wanted to know one's age, as they do horses. I protest, child, you use me extremely ill. If you keep me at this distance, how is it possible you and I can ever be acquainted? And who wants to be acquainted with you? I want no such acquaintance, not I. I'm sure you did not treat Miss Hardcastle, that was here awhile ago, in this obstropalous manner. I'll warrant me, before her you looked dashed, and kept bowing to the ground, and spoke for all the world, as if you was before a justice of peace. Egad, she has hit it, true enough! In awe of her, child? Umm… A mere awkward squinting thing, no, no. I find you don't know me. I laughed and rallied her a little, but I was unwilling to be too severe. No, I could not be too severe, curse me! O! Then, sir, you are a favorite, I find, among the ladies? Yes, my dear, a great favorite. And yet hang me, I don't see what they find in me to follow. At the Ladies' Club in town I'm called their agreeable Rattle. And you're so great a favorite there, you say? - Yes, my dear. There's Mrs. Mantrap. - Oh! - Lady Betty Blackleg. - Oh! - The Countess of Sligo. - Oh! Mrs. Langhorns, old Miss Biddy Buckskin, and your humble servant, keep up the spirit of the place. Oh, then it's a very merry place, I suppose? Yes, my dear, as merry as cards, supper, wine, and old women can make us. And their agreeable Rattle. Egad! I don't quite like this chit. She looks knowing, methinks. You laugh, child? Oh, no. Uh… I can't but laugh, to think what time they all have for minding their work or their family. All's well, she don't laugh at me. Do you ever work, child? Ay, sure. There's not a screen or quilt in the whole house but what can bear witness to that. Odso! Then you must show me your embroidery. I embroider and draw patterns myself a little. If you want a judge of your work, you must apply to me. Ay, sure, but the colors do not look well by candlelight. - You shall see all in the morning. - And why not now, my angel? Such beauty fires beyond the power of resistance. Pshaw! The Land Lord here. My old luck, I never nicked seven that I did not throw ames ace three times following. So, madam. So I find this is your modest lover. This is your humble admirer, that kept his eyes fixed on the ground, and only adored at humble distance. Kate? Kate, art thou not ashamed to deceive your father so? Never trust me, dear papa, but he's still the modest man I first took him for, you'll be convinced of it as well as I. By the hand of my body, I believe his impudence is infectious! Didn't I see him seize your hand? Didn't I see him haul you about like a milkmaid? And now you talk of his respect and his modesty, forsooth! But if I shortly convince you of his modesty, he has only the faults that will pass off with time, and the virtues that will improve with age, I hope you'll forgive him. The girl would actually make one run mad! I tell you, I'll not be convinced. I am convinced. He has scarce been three hours in the house, and he has already encroached on all my prerogatives. You may like his impudence, and call it modesty, but my son-in-law, madam, must have very different qualifications. Sir, I ask but this night to convince you. You shall not have half the time, for I have thoughts of turning him out this very hour. Give me that hour then, and I hope to satisfy you. Well, an hour let it be then. But I'll have no trifling with your father. - All fair and open, you mind me. - I hope, sir, you have ever found that I considered your commands as my pride, for your kindness is such, that my duty as yet has been inclination. You surprise me, Sir Charles Marlow expected here this night! - Where have you had your information? - You may depend upon it. I just saw his letter to Mr. Hardcastle, in which he tells him, he intends upon setting out a few hours after his son. Then, my Constance, all must be completed before he arrives. He knows me. If he should find me here, he might discover my designs to the rest of the family. The jewels, I hope, are safe? Yes, yes, I have sent them to Marlow, who keeps the keys of our baggage. In the mean time, I'll go to prepare matters for our elopement. I have had your cousin Tony's promise of a fresh pair of horses and if I should not see him again, will write him further directions. Well! Success attend you. In the mean time I'll go and amuse my aunt with the old pretence of a violent passion for my cousin. I wonder what Hastings could mean by sending me so valuable a thing as a casket to keep for him, when he knows the only place I have is the seat of a post-coach at an inn-door. Have you deposited the casket with the landlady, as I ordered you? - Have you put it into her own hands? - Yes, your honor. She said she'd keep it safe, did she? Yes, she said she'd keep it safe enough. She asked me how I came by it, and, she said she had a great mind to make me give an account of myself. That's lovely. Go. Go. Go… Oh, they're safe, however. What an unaccountable set of beings have we got amongst! This little bar-maid though runs in my mind most strangely, and drives out the absurdities of all the rest of the family. She's mine, she must be mine, or I'm greatly mistaken. Bless me! I quite forgot to tell her that I intended to prepare at the bottom of the garden. Marlow here, and in spirits too! Give me joy, George! Crown me, shadow me with laurels! Well, George, after all, we modest fellows don't want for success among the women. Some women, you mean. But what success has your honor's modesty been… been crowned with… Don't encourage him. Been crowned with now, that it grows so insolent upon us? Didn't you see the tempting, brisk, lovely little thing, that runs about the house with a bunch of keys to its girdle? - Yes, what of her? - She's mine, you rogue you. Such fire, such motion, such eyes, such lips, but, egad! She would not let me kiss them though. But are you sure, so very sure of her? Why, man, she talked of showing me her work above stairs, and I am to improve the pattern. How can you, Charles, go about to rob a woman of her honor? Pshaw! Pshaw! We all know the honor of the bar-maid of an inn. I don't intend to rob her, take my word for it. There's nothing in this house I shan't honestly pay for. I believe the girl has virtue. And if she has, I should be the last man in the world that would attempt to corrupt it. You have taken care of the casket I sent you to lock up? - Is it in safety? - Yes, yes. It's safe enough. I have taken care of it. But how could you think the seat of a post-coach at an inn-door a place of safety? Ah! Numskull! I have taken better precautions for you than you did for yourself, - I have. - What? I have sent it to the landlady to keep for you. - The landlady! - The landlady. - You did? - I did. She's to be answerable for its forthcoming, you know. Yes, she'll bring it forth with a witness. Wasn't I right? I believe you'll allow that I acted prudently upon this occasion. He must not see my uneasiness. You seem a little disconcerted though, methinks. Sure nothing has happened? No. No. No. Never was in better spirits in my life. So you left it with the landlady, who, no doubt, very readily undertook the charge. Rather too readily. She not only kept the casket, but, through her great precaution, was going to keep the messenger too. - They're safe, however. - As a guinea in a miser's purse. So now all hopes of fortune are at an end, and we must set off without it. Well, Charles, I'll leave you to your philosophizing on the pretty bar-maid. May you be as successful for yourself, as you have been for me! Thank you, George, I ask no more. I no longer know my own house. It's turned all topsy-turvy. His servants have got drunk already. I'll bear it no longer, and yet, from my respect for his father, I'll be calm. Mr. Marlow, your servant. - I'm your very humble servant. - Sir, your humble servant. - What's to be the wonder now? - I hope, sir, you must be sensible, sir, that no man alive ought to be more welcome than your father's son, sir. - I hope you think so? - I do from my soul, sir. I don't want much entreaty. I generally make my father's son welcome wherever he goes. Oh, I believe you do, from my soul, sir. But why will I say nothing to your own conduct, that of your servants is insufferable. Their manner of drinking is setting a very bad example in this house, I assure you. I protest, my very good friend, that is no fault of mine. If they don't drink as they ought, they are to blame. I ordered them not to spare the cellar. I did, I assure you. Here, let one of my servants come up. My positive directions were, that as I did not drink myself, they should make up for my deficiencies below. Then they had your orders for what they do? I'm satisfied! They had, I assure you. You shall hear from one of themselves. You, Jeremy! Come forward, sirrah! What were my orders? Were you not told to drink freely, and call for what you thought fit, for the good of the house? - I begin to lose my patience. - Please your honor, liberty and fleet-street for ever! Though I'm but a servant, I'm as good as another man. I'll drink for no man before supper, sir, damme! Good liquor will sit upon a good supper, but a good supper will not sit upon my conscience. You see, my old friend, the fellow is as drunk as he can possibly be. I don't know what you'd have more, unless you'd have the poor devil soused in a beer-barrel. Zounds! He'll drive me distracted, if I contain myself any longer. Mr. Marlow Sir, I have submitted to your insolence for more than four hours now, and I see no likelihood of its coming to an end. I'm now resolved to be master here, sir, and I desire that you and your drunken pack - may leave my house directly. - Leave your house? Sure you jest, my good friend! What? When I'm doing what I can to please you. I tell you, sir, you don't please me, so I desire you'll leave my house. Sure you cannot be serious? At this time so' night, and such a night? - You only mean to banter me. - I tell you, sir, I'm serious! And now that my passions are roused, I say this house is mine, sir, this house is mine, and I command you to leave it directly. A puddle in a storm. I shan't stir a step, I assure you. This your house, fellow! It's my house. This is my house. Mine, while I choose to stay. What right have you to bid me leave this house, sir? I never met with such impudence, curse me, never in my whole life before. Nor I, confound me if ever I did. To come to my house, to call for what he likes, to turn me out of my own chair, to insult the family, to order his servants to get drunk, and then to tell me, "This house is mine, sir." By all that's impudent, it makes me laugh. Ha! ha! ha! Well, pray, sir, as you take the house, what think you of taking the rest of the furniture? Here, there's a pair of silver candlesticks, and here's a fire-screen, and here's a pair of brazen-nosed bellows, - perhaps you may take a fancy to them? - Bring me your bill, sir. Bring me your bill, and let's make no more words about it. Oh, here's a set of prints, too. What think you of the Rake's Progress, for your own apartment? Bring me your bill, I say and I'll leave you and your infernal house directly. Then there's a mahogany table - in which you may see your own face. - My bill, I say. Oh, and I almost forgot the great chair for your own particular slumbers, after a hearty meal. Zounds! Bring me my bill, I say, and let's hear no more on't. Young man, young man, from your father's letter to me, I was taught to expect a modest well-bred man as a visitor here, but now I find him no better than a coxcomb and a bully, but he will be down here presently, and he shall hear more of it. How's this? Sure I have not mistaken the house. Everything looks like an inn. The servants cry, "coming," the attendance is awkward, the bar-maid, too, to attend us. But she's here, and will further inform me. Whither so fast, child? A word with you. Oh, let it be short, then. I'm in a hurry. I believe be begins to find out his mistake. But it's too soon quite to undeceive him. Pray, child, answer me one question. What are you, and what may your business in this house be? A relation of the family, sir. What, a poor relation. Yes, sir. A poor relation, appointed to keep the keys, and to see that the guests want nothing in my power to give them. That is, you act as the bar-maid of this inn. Inn! O law… What brought that in your head? One of the best families in the country keep an inn. Old Mr. Hardcastle's house an inn! Mr. Hardcastle's house! Is this Mr. Hardcastle's house, child? Ay, sure! Whose else should it be? So then, all's out, and I have been damnably imposed on. Don't confound my stupid head. I shall be laughed at over the whole town. I shall be stuck up in caricatura in all the print-shops. The Dullissimo Maccaroni. To mistake this house of all others for an inn, and my father's old friend for an innkeeper! Oh! What a swaggering puppy must he take me for! What a silly puppy do I find myself! There again, may I be hanged, my dear, but I mistook you for the bar-maid. Dear me! Dear me! I'm sure there's nothing in my behavior to put me on a level with one of that stamp. Nothing, my dear, nothing. But I was in for a list of blunders, and could not help making you a subscriber. My stupidity saw everything the wrong way. I mistook your assiduity for assurance, and your simplicity for allurement. But it's over. This house I no more show my face in. I hope, sir, I have done nothing to disoblige you. I'm sure I should be sorry to affront any gentleman who has been so polite, and said so many civil things to me. I'm sure I should be sorry. Oh-oh. Oh-oh. If he left the family upon my account, I'm sure I should be sorry if people said anything amiss, since I have no fortune but my character. By Heaven! She weeps. This is the first mark of tenderness I ever had from a modest woman, and it… it touches me. Excuse me, my lovely girl. You are the only part of the family I leave with reluctance. But to be plain with you, the difference of our birth, fortune, and education, makes an honorable connection impossible. Generous man! I now begin to admire him. But I am sure my family is as good as Miss Hardcastle's and though I'm poor, that's no great misfortune to a contented mind and, until this moment, I never thought that it was bad to lack fortune. And why now, my pretty simplicity? Because it puts me at a distance from one that, if I had a thousand pounds, I would give it all to. This simplicity bewitches me, so that if I stay, I'm undone. I must make one bold effort, and leave her. Your partiality in my favor, my dear, touches me most sensibly and were I to live for myself alone, I could easily fix my choice. But I owe too much to the opinion of the world, too much to the authority of a father, so that, I can scarcely speak it, it affects me. Farewell. I never knew half his merit till now. He shall not go, if I have power or art to detain him. I'll still preserve the character in which I stooped to conquer, but will undeceive my papa, who perhaps may laugh him out of his resolution. Ay, you may steal for yourselves the next time. I have done my duty. She has got the jewels again, that's a sure thing, but she believes it was all a mistake of the servants. Oh, thanks a lot. But, my dear cousin, sure you won't forsake us in this distress? If she in the least suspects that I am going off, I shall certainly be locked up, or sent to my aunt Pedigree's, which is ten times worse. To be sure, aunts of all kinds are damned bad things. But what can I do? I have got you a pair of horses that will fly like Whistle-jacket and I'm sure you can't say but I have courted you nicely before her face. Here she comes, we must court a bit or two more, for fear she should suspect us. Well, I was greatly fluttered, to be sure. But my son says it was all a mistake of the servants. I shan't be easy, however, till they are fairly married, and then let her keep her own fortune. - Oh, Constance. Oh! - But what do I see? - Fondling together, as I'm alive. - Oh, mardy you saucepot. I never saw Tony so sprightly before. Ah! Have I caught you, my pretty doves? What, billing, exchanging stolen glances and broken murmurs? Ah! As for murmurs, mother, we grumble a little now and then, to be sure. But there's no love lost between us. A mere sprinkling, Tony, upon the flame, only to make it burn brighter. Cousin Tony promises to give us more of his company at home. Indeed, he shan't leave us any more. - It won't leave us, cousin Tony, will it? - O! It's a pretty creature. No, I'd sooner leave my horse in a pound, than leave you when you smile upon one so. Oh, your laugh makes you so becoming. Agreeable cousin! Who can help admiring that natural humor, that pleasant, broad, red, thoughtless, uh… it's a bold face. Pretty innocence! I'm sure I always loved cousin Con.'s hazel eyes, and her pretty long fingers, that she twists this way and that over the haspicholls, like a parcel of bobbins. Ah! He would charm the bird from the tree. I was never so happy before. My boy takes after his father, poor Mr. Lumpkin, exactly. The jewels, my dear Con., they shall be yours incontinently. You shall have them. Isn't he a sweet boy, my dear? You shall be married to-morrow, and we'll put off the rest of his education, like Dr. Drowsy's sermons, - to a fitter opportunity. - Where's the 'squire? I have got a letter for your worship. Give it to my mamma. She reads all my letters first. I had orders to deliver it into your own hands. Who does it come from? Your worship mun ask that o' the letter itself. - Oh, I could wish to know though. - Undone! Undone! A letter to him from Hastings. I know the hand. If my aunt sees it, we are ruined for ever. I'll keep her employed a little if I can. But I have not told you, madam, of my cousin's smart answer just now to Mr. Marlow. We so laughed. You must know, madam. This way a little, for he must not hear us. A damned cramp piece of penmanship, as ever I saw in my life. I can read your print hand very well. But here, there are such handles, and shanks, and dashes, that one can scarce tell the head from the tail. To Anthony Lumpkin, Esquire." It's very odd, I can read the outside of my letters, where my own name is, well enough, but when I come to open it, it's all buzz. And that's hard, very hard, for the inside of the letter is always the cream of the correspondence. Very well. Very well. So my son was too hard for the philosopher. Yes, madam, but you must hear the rest, madam. A little more this way, or he may hear us. You'll hear how he puzzled him again. He seems strangely puzzled now, methinks. A damned up and down hand, as if it was disguised in liquor. Dear Esquire, uh… ay, that's that. Then there's an Ma, and Ta, and an Sa, but whether the next be an izzard, or an Ra, confound me, I cannot tell. What's that, my dear? Can I give you any assistance? Pray, aunt, let me read it. Nobody reads a cramp hand better than I. Do you know who it is from? Can't tell. Oh, except from Dick Ginger, the feeder. Ay, so it is. Dear 'Squire, hoping that you're in health, as I am at this present. The gentlemen of the Shake-bag club has cut the gentlemen of Goose-green quite out of feather. The odd battle, long fighting… Oh, here. Oh, here… here. It's all about cocks and fighting. Oh, it's of no consequence. Here, put it up, put it up. But I tell you, miss, it's of all the consequence in the world. I would not lose the rest of it for a guinea. Here, mother, do you make it out. Of no consequence! How's this? "Dear 'Squire, I'm now waiting for Miss Neville, with a post-chaise and pair, at the bottom of the garden. I'm intrigued. But I find my horses yet unable to perform the journey. I expect you'll assist us with a pair of fresh horses, as you promised. Dispatch is necessary, as the hag… I the hag? Your mother, will otherwise suspect us! Yours, Hastings." Grant me patience. I shall run distracted! - My rage chokes me. - I hope, madam, you'll suspend your resentment for a few moments, and not impute to me any impertinence, or sinister design, that belongs to another. Fine spoken, madam, you are most miraculously polite and engaging, and quite the very pink of courtesy and circumspection, madam. And you… you great ill-fashioned oaf, with scarce sense enough to keep your mouth shut. Were you, too, joined against me? Well, I'll defeat all your plots in a moment. As for you, madam, since you have got a pair of fresh horses ready, it would be cruel to disappoint them. So, if you please, instead of running away with your spark, prepare, this very moment, to run off with me. Your old aunt Pedigree will keep you secure, for three years I'll warrant me. You too, sir, may mount your horse, and guard us upon the way. Here, Thomas, Roger, Diggory! I'll show you, that I wish you better than you do yourselves. - So now I'm completely ruined. - Ay, that's a sure thing. What better could be expected from being connected with such a stupid fool, and after all the nods and signs I made him? By the laws, miss, it was your own cleverness, and not my stupidity, that did your business. Oh, you were so nice and so busy with your Shake-bags and Goose-greens, that I thought you could never be making believe. So, sir, I find by my servant, that you have shown my letter, and betrayed us. - Was this well done, young gentleman? - Here's another. Ask miss there, who betrayed you. Ecod, it was her doing, not mine. So I have been finely used here among you. Rendered contemptible, driven into ill manners, despised, insulted, laughed at. Here's another. We shall have old Bedlam broke loose presently. And there, sir, is the gentleman to whom we all owe every obligation. What can I say to him, a mere boy, an idiot, whose ignorance and age are a protection? A poor contemptible booby, booby, you disgrace correction. Yet with cunning and malice enough to make himself merry with all our embarrassments. - An insensible cub. Replete with tricks and mischief. Baw! Damme, I'll fight you both, one after the other… Wow, with baskets. As for him, he's below resentment. But your conduct, Mr. Hastings, requires an explanation. You knew of my mistakes, yet would not undeceive me. Tortured as I am with my own disappointments, is this a time for explanations? No. No. It is not friendly, Mr. Marlow. - But, sir… - Mr. Marlow, we never kept on your mistake till it was too late to undeceive you. Be pacified. My mistress desires you'll get ready immediately, madam. The horses are putting to. Your hat and things are in the next room. - You are to go 30 miles before morning. - Well… well, I'll come presently. Was it well done, sir, to assist in rendering me ridiculous? To hang me out for the scorn of all my acquaintance? Depend upon it, sir, I shall expect an explanation. Was it well done, sir, while we're upon that subject, to deliver what I entrusted to yourself, to the care of another sir? Mr. Hastings! Mr. Marlow! Why will you increase my distress by this groundless dispute? - I implore, I entreat you… - Your cloak, madam. - My mistress is impatient. - I come. Pray be pacified. If I leave you thus, I shall die with apprehension. Your fan, muff, and gloves, madam. - The horses are waiting. - O, Mr. Marlow! If you knew what a scene of constraint and ill-nature lies before me, I'm sure it would convert your resentment into pity. I'm so distracted with a variety of passions, that I don't know what I do. Forgive me, madam. George, forgive me. You know my hasty temper, and should not exasperate it. The torture of my situation is my only excuse. Well, my dear Hastings, if you have that esteem for me that I think, that I am sure you have, your constancy for three years will but increase the happiness of our future connection. Miss Neville. - Constance? Why Constance, I say. - I'm coming. Well, constancy, remember, constancy is the word. My heart! How can I support this? To be so near happiness, and such happiness! You see now, young gentleman, the effects of your folly. What might be amusement to you, is here disappointment, and even distress. Ecod, I have hit it. Oh, it's here. Your hands. Yours and yours, my poor Sulky! My boots there, ho! Meet me two hours hence at the bottom of the garden and if you don't find Tony Lumpkin a more good-natured fellow than you thought for, I'll give you leave to take my best horse, and Bet Bouncer into the bargain. Come along. My boots, ho! You saw the old lady and Miss Neville drive off, you say? - Yes, your honor. - They went off in a post-coach, and the young 'squire went on horseback. - They must be 30 miles off by this time. - Then all my hopes are over. Yes, sir. Old Sir Charles has arrived. He and the old gentleman of the house have been laughing at Mr. Marlow's mistake - this past half hour. - They are coming this way. Then I must not be seen. So now to my fruitless appointment at the bottom of the garden. It is about the time. Oh, the peremptory tone in which he sent forth his sublime commands! And the reserve with which I suppose he treated all your advances. And yet he might have seen something in me above a common innkeeper, too. Yes, Dick, but he mistook you for an uncommon innkeeper, ha! ha! ha! Well, I'm in too good spirits to think of anything but joy. Yes, my dear friend, this union of our families will make our personal friendships hereditary and though my daughter's fortune is but small… Why, Dick, will you talk of fortune to me? My son is possessed of more than a competence already, and can want nothing but a good and virtuous girl to share his happiness and increase it. If they like each other, as you say they do… If, man! I tell you they do like each other. My daughter as good as told me so. Uh… But girls are apt to flatter themselves, you know. I saw him grasp her hand in the warmest manner myself and here he comes to put you out of your ifs, I warrant him. Uh-huh… My son, come boy, come. I come, sir, once more, to ask pardon for my strange conduct. I can scarce reflect on my insolence without confusion. Oh, tut, boy, a trifle! You make it too gravely. An hour or two's laughing with my daughter will set all to rights again. She'll never like you the worse for it. Sir, I shall be always proud of her approbation. Approbation is but a cold word, Mr. Marlow. If I am not mistaken, you have something more than approbation thereabouts. You take me? - Really, sir, I have not that happiness. - Oh, come, boy, I'm an old fellow, and know what's what as well as you that are younger. I know what has passed between you, but mum. Sure… sure, sir, nothing has passed between us but the most profound respect on my side, and the most distant reserve on hers. You don't think, sir, that my impudence has been passed - upon all the rest of the family. - Impudence! No, I don't say that, not quite impudence, though girls like to be played with, and rumpled a little too, sometimes. But she has told no tales, I assure you. - I never gave her the slightest cause. - Oh, come boy. I like modesty in its place well enough. But this… This is over-acting, young gentleman. You may be open. Your father and I will like you all the better for it. - May I die, sir, if I ever… - I tell you, she don't dislike you and as I'm sure you like her… - Yes, I protest, sir. - I see no reason why you should not be joined as fast as the parson can tie you. - But hear me, sir… - Your father approves the match, I admire it, every moment's delay will be doing mischief. - So… - But why won't you hear me? By all that's just and true, I never gave Miss Hardcastle the slightest mark of my attachment, or even the most distant hint to suspect me of affection. We had but one interview, and that was formal, modest, and uninteresting. This fellow's formal modest impudence is beyond bearing. And you never grasped her hand, or made any protestations? As Heaven is my witness, I came down in obedience to your commands. I… I saw the lady without emotion, and parted without reluctance. I hope you'll exact no farther proofs of my duty, nor prevent me from leaving a house in which I suffer so many mortifications. I'm astonished at the air of sincerity with which he parted. And I'm astonished at the deliberate intrepidity of his assurance. I dare pledge my life and honor upon his truth. Here comes my daughter, and I dare stake my happiness upon her veracity. Kate, come hither, child. Answer us sincerely and without reserve. Has Mr. Marlow made you any professions of love and affection? The question is very abrupt, sir. But since you require unreserved sincerity, I think he has. - Ha… You see. - And pray, madam, have you and my son had more than one interview? - Yes, sir, several. - Hah! You see. - Did be profess any attachment? - A lasting one. - Did he talk of love? - Much, sir. - Amazing! And all this formally? - Formally. - Now, my friend, I hope you are satisfied. - And how did he behave, madam? As most profest admirers do, said some civil things of my face, talked much of his lack of merit, and the greatness of mine, mentioned his heart, gave a short tragedy speech, and ended with pretended rapture. Now I'm perfectly convinced, indeed. I know his conversation among women to be modest and submissive, this forward canting ranting manner by no means describes him, and, I am confident, that he never sat for the picture. Then, what, sir, if I should convince you to your face of my sincerity? If you and my papa, in about half an hour, will hide yourselves, you shall hear him declare his passion to me in person. Agreed. And if I find him what you describe, all my happiness in him must have an end. And if you don't find him what I describe, I fear my happiness must never have a beginning. What an idiot I am. Thank you. I'm waiting here for a fellow who probably takes a delight in mortifying me. He never intended to be punctual, and I'll wait no longer. It is he! And perhaps with news of my Constance. My dear 'squire! I now find you a man of your word. This looks like friendship. Ay, I'm your friend, and the best friend you have in the world, if you knew but all. This riding by night, by the bye, is cursedly tiresome. It shook me worse than the basket of a stage-coach. But how? Where have you… Yes, right. Where have you left your fellow-travelers? Are they in safety? Are they housed? Five and twenty miles in two hours and a half is no such bad driving. The poor beasts have smoked for it. Rabbit me, but I'd rather ride 40 miles after a fox than 10 with such varment. Where have you left the ladies? I die with impatience. Left them! Why where should I leave them but where I found them? - This is a riddle. - Riddle me this then. What's that goes round the house, and round the house, but never touches the house? No, still astray. Why, that's it, man. I have led them astray. By jingo, there's not a slough or a pond within five miles of the place - that they can tell the taste of. - I understand you. You took them in a round, when they supposed themselves going forward, so you have at last brought them home again. You shall hear. I first took them down Feather-bed Lane, where we stuck fast in the mud. I then rattled them crack over the stones of up-and-down hill. I then introduced them to the gibbet on Heavy-tree Heath and from that, with a circumbendibus, I fairly lodged them in the horse-pond at the bottom of the garden. - Bravo. Bravo. No accident, I hope? - No, no. Only mother is confoundedly frightened. She thinks herself 40 miles off. She's sick of the journey and the cattle can scarce crawl. So if your own horses be ready, you may whip off with cousin, and I'll be bound that no soul here can budge a foot to follow you. My dear friend, how can I be grateful? Ay, now it's dear friend, noble 'squire. Just now, it was all idiot, cub, and run me through the guts. But if you had run me through the guts, then I should be dead, - and you might go kiss the hangman. - The rebuke is just. But I must hasten to relieve Miss Neville, if you keep the old lady employed, I'll take care of the young one. Never fear me. Oh, vanish, she's here. She's got from the horse pond, and draggled up to the waist like a mermaid. Oh, Tony, I'm killed! Shook! Battered to death. I shall never survive it. That last jolt, that laid us against the quickset hedge, has done my business. Alack, mamma, it was all your own fault. You would be for running away by night, without knowing one inch of the way. I wish we were at home again. I never met with so many accidents in so short a journey. Drenched in mud, overturned in a ditch, stuck fast in a slough, jolted to a jelly, and at last to lose our way. Whereabouts do you think we are, Tony? By my guess we should come upon Crackskull Common, - about 40 miles from home. - O lud! O lud! The most notorious spot in all the country. We only want a robbery to make a complete night on't. Don't be afraid, mamma, don't be afraid. Two of the five highway men that are kept here are hanged, and the other three may not find us. Don't be afraid. Is that a man galloping behind us? No, it's only a tree. Don't be afraid, mamma. Oh, the fright will certainly kill me. Do you see anything like a black hat moving through that thicket? - Oh, death! - No; it's only a cow. Don't be afraid, mamma, don't be afraid. Tony, as I'm alive, I see a man coming towards us. I'm sure on't. If he perceives us, we are undone. Father-in-law, by all that's unlucky, come to take one of his night walks. - Ah… - What? It's a highwayman with pistols as long as my arm. - A damned ill-looking fellow. - Good Heaven defend us! - He approaches. - Do you hide yourself in that thicket, and leave me to manage him. If there be any danger, I'll cough, and cry hem. When I cough, be sure to stay hidden. I'm mistaken, or I heard voices of people in want of help. Oh, Tony! Is that you? I did not expect to see you so soon back. Are your mother and her charge in safety? Oh, very safe, sir, at my aunt Pedigree, sir. - Hem. - Ah, death! I find there's danger. Forty miles in three hours, sure that's too much, my youngster. Stout horses and willing minds make short journeys, so they say. - Hem. - Sure he'll do the dear boy no harm. But I heard a voice here and should be glad to know from whence it came. Oh, it was I, sir, talking to myself, sir. I was saying that 40 miles in four hours was very good going. Hem. As to be sure it was. Hem. Hem. I have a sort of cold being out in the air. We'll go in, if you please. But if you talked to yourself, you did not answer yourself. I'm sure and I heard two voices, and am resolved to find the other out. Oh! He's coming to find me out. Oh! What need you go, sir, if I tell you? Hem. I'll lay down my life for the truth, sir. Hem. I'll tell you all. I tell you I will not be detained. I insist on seeing. - It's in vain to expect I'll believe you. - O lud! He'll murder my poor boy, my darling! Here, good Mr. Highwayman, whet your rage upon me. Take my money, my life, but spare this young gentleman, spare my child, if you have any mercy. My wife, as I'm a Christian. From whence can she come? Or what does she mean? Take compassion on us, lovely Mr. Highwayman. Take our watches, our money, all we have, but spare our lives. We will never bring you to justice, indeed we won't, dashing Mr. Highwayman. I believe the woman's out of her senses. What, Dorothy, don't you know me? Mr. Hardcastle, as I'm alive! My fears blinded me. But who, my dear, could have expected to meet you here, in this frightful place, so far from home? What has brought you to follow us? Sure, Dorothy, you have not lost your wits? So far from home, when you are within 40 yards of your own door! This is one of your old tricks, you graceless rogue, you. But don't you know the gate, and the mulberry-tree and don't you remember the horse-pond, my dear? Yes. I shall remember the horse-pond as long as I live. I have caught my death in it. And it is to you, you graceless varlet, I owe all this? I'll teach you to abuse your mother, I will. Oh, alack, mother, the whole parish said you have spoiled me, - so you may take the fruits on't. - I'll spoil you, I will. There's morality, however, in his reply. My dear Constance, why will you deliberate thus? If we delay a moment, all is lost for ever. Pluck up a little resolution, we shall soon be out of the reach of her malignity. I find it impossible. My spirits are so sunk with the agitations I have suffered, that I am unable to face any new danger. Two or three years' patience will at last crown us with happiness. Such a tedious delay is worse than inconstancy. Let us fly, my charmer. Let us date our happiness from this very moment. Perish fortune! Love and content will increase what we possess beyond a monarch's revenue. - Let me prevail! - No, Mr. Hastings, no. Prudence once more comes to my relief, and I will obey its dictates. In the moment of passion, fortune may be despised, but it ever produces a lasting repentance. I'm resolved to apply to Mr. Hardcastle's compassion and justice for redress. But though he had the will, he has not the power to relieve you. But he has influence, and upon that I am resolved to rely. I have no hopes. But since you persist, I must reluctantly obey you. What a situation am I in! If what you say appears, I shall then find a guilty son. If what he says be true, I shall then lose one that, of all others, I most wished for a daughter. I am proud of your approbation, and to show I merit it, if you hide yourselves as I directed, you shall hear his explicit declaration. But he comes. Oh, I'll to your father, and keep him to the appointment. Though prepared for setting out, I come once more to take leave. Nor did I, till this moment, know the pain I feel in the separation. I believe sufferings cannot be very great, sir, which you can so easily remove. A day or two longer, perhaps, might lessen your uneasiness, by showing the little value of what you now think proper to regret. This girl every moment improves upon me. It must not be, madam. I have already trifled too long with my heart. My very pride begins to submit to my passion. The disparity of education and fortune, the anger of a parent, and the contempt of my equals, begin to lose their weight and nothing can restore me to myself but this painful effort of resolution. Then go, sir. I'll urge nothing more to detain you. Though my family be as good as hers you came down to visit, and my education, I hope, not inferior, what are these advantages without equal affluence? I must remain contented with the slight approbation of imputed merit, I must have only the mockery of your addresses, while all your serious aims are fixed on fortune. - Come, over here. - Shh… Make no noise. I'll engage my Kate covers him with confusion at last. By heavens, madam! Fortune was ever my smallest consideration. Your beauty at first caught my eye, for who could see that without emotion? But every moment that I converse with you steals in some new grace, heightens the picture, and gives it stronger expression. What at first seemed rustic plainness, now appears refined simplicity. What seemed forward assurance, now strikes me as the result of courageous innocence and conscious virtue. - What can it mean? He amazes me! - I told you how it would be. Hush! I am now determined to stay, madam, and I have too good an opinion of my father's discernment, when he sees you, to doubt his approbation. No, Mr. Marlow, I cannot, will not detain you. Do you think I could suffer a connection in which there is the smallest room for repentance? Do you think I would take the mean advantage of a transient passion, to load you with confusion? Do you think I could ever relish that happiness which was acquired by lessening yours? By all that's good, I can have no happiness but what's in your power to grant me! Nor shall I ever feel repentance but in not having seen your merits before. I will stay even contrary to your wishes and though you should persist to shun me, I will make my respectful assiduities atone for the levity of my past conduct. Sir, I must entreat you'll desist. As our acquaintance began, so let it end, in indifference. I might have given an hour or two to levity, but seriously, Mr. Marlow, do you think I could submit to a connection where I must appear mercenary, and you imprudent? Do you think I could ever catch at the confident addresses of a secure admirer? Does this look like security? Does this look like confidence? No, madam, every moment that shows me your merit, only serves to increase my diffidence and confusion. Charles, Charles, how hast thou deceived me! Is this your indifference, your uninteresting conversation? Your cold contempt, your formal interview! What have you to say now? That I'm all amazement! What can it mean? It means that you can say and unsay things at pleasure, that you can address a lady in private, and deny it in public, that you have one story for us, and another for my daughter. Daughter! - This lady your daughter? - Yes, sir, my only daughter, - my Kate, whose else should she be? - Oh, the devil! Yes, sir, that very identical tall squinting lady you were pleased to take me for. She that you addressed as the mild, modest, sentimental man of gravity, and the bold, forward, agreeable Rattle of the Ladies' Club. Zounds! There's no bearing this, it's worse than death! In which of your characters, sir, will you give us leave to address you? As the faltering gentleman, with looks to the ground, that speaks just to be heard, and hates hypocrisy or the loud confident creature, that keeps it up with Mrs. Mantrap, and old Miss Biddy Buckskin, till three in the morning? O, curse on my noisy head. I never attempted to be impudent yet, that I was not taken down. I must be gone. By the hand of my body, but you shall not. I see now it all a mistake, and I am rejoiced to find it. You shall not stir, I tell you. I know she'll forgive you. Won't you forgive him, Kate? We'll all forgive you. Take courage, man. So…so, they're gone off. Let them go, I care not. - Who gone? - My dutiful niece and her gentleman, Mr. Hastings, from town, he who came down with our modest visitor here. Who, my honest George Hastings? As worthy a fellow as lives, and the girl could not have made a more prudent choice. Then, by the hand of my body, I'm proud of the connection. Well, if he has taken away the lady, he has not taken her fortune, that remains in this family to console us for her loss. Sure, Dorothy, you would not be so mercenary? Ay, that's my affair, not yours. But you know if your son, when of age, refuses to marry his cousin, her whole fortune is then at her own disposal. Ay, but he's not of age, and she has not thought proper to wait for his refusal. What, returned so soon! I begin not to like it. For my late attempt to fly off with your niece, let my present confusion be my punishment. We are now come back, to appeal from your justice to your humanity. By her father's consent, I first paid her my addresses, and our passions were first founded in duty. Since his death, I have been obliged to stoop to dissimulation to avoid oppression. In an hour of levity, I was ready to give up my fortune to secure my choice. But I am now recovered from the delusion, and hope from your tenderness what is denied me from a nearer connection. Pshaw, pshaw! This is all but the whining end of a modern novel. Be it what it will, I'm glad they're come back to reclaim their due. Come hither, Tony, boy. Do you refuse this lady's hand whom I now offer you? What signifies my refusing? You know I can't refuse her till I'm of age, father. While I thought concealing your age, boy, was likely to conduce to your improvement, I concurred with your mother's desire to keep it secret. But since I now find she turns it to a wrong use, I must declare you have been of age these three months. Of age! - Am I of age, father? - Above three months. Then you'll see the first use I'll make of my liberty. Witness all men by these presents, that I, Anthony Lumpkin, Esquire, of blank place, refuse you, Constantia Neville, spinster, of no place at all, for his true and lawful wife. So Constance Neville may marry whom she pleases, and Tony Lumpkin is his own man again. - O brave 'squire! - My worthy friend! My undutiful offspring! Joy, my dear George! I give you joy sincerely. And could I prevail upon my little tyrant here to be less arbitrary, I should be the happiest man alive, if you would return me the favor. Come, madam, you are driven now to the very last scene of all your contrivances. I know that you like him, and I'm sure he loves you, and you must and shall have him. And I say so too. And, Mr. Marlow, if she makes as good a wife as she has a daughter, I don't believe you'll ever repent your bargain. So now to supper. To-morrow we shall gather all the poor of the parish about us, and the mistakes of the night will be crowned with a merry morning. So, boy, take her, and as you have been mistaken in the mistress, my wish is, that you may never be mistaken in the wife.